# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [2D](/guides/2d)
  - Image

# Image

Images are 2D planes that can be added to your Lens. They can be added
to the 3D scene, attached to the screen, attached to the face and more. 

## Add Texture Resource

To add an image to your Lens, you first need to add a Texture resource
to the `Resources` panel. To do this, drag and drop a `PNG`, `JPG` or
`GIF` to the `Resources` panel from your computer. For information about
adding animated textures, please refer to the [2D
Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation) guide. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_add_resource.gif)

You can alternatively add a new resource to the `Resources` panel by
selecting `Add New -> Import Files`. 

## Add Image to Screen

Images can be added to the Screen as well. These images will exist in 2D
space attached to the screen. Screen Images are great for UI elements,
overlays, headers, footers, logos and more. 

### Add Screen Image

To add a new Image attached to the Screen, select `Add New -> Screen
Image` from the `Objects` panel. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_add_screen_image.png)

### Set Texture

With the new Screen Image selected, set the `Texture` field in
the `Inspector` panel to your imported Texture resource. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_set_texture.png)

### Move, Scale and Rotate in Scene

With the new Screen Image selected, click and drag the image in the
`Scene` panel to move the image. The Screen Image can be scaled by
clicking and dragging the corners and edges of the bounding box.
Finally, the Screen Image can be rotated by hovering your mouse over a
corner until the rotation handle appears. With the rotation handle,
click and drag your mouse to rotate the Screen Image. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_screen_transform.gif)

## Add Image to 3D Scene

Images can be added to the 3D Scene. This will allow you to position the
2D image in 3D space. 

### Add Image

To add a new Image to the 3D Scene, select `Add New -> Image` from the
`Objects` panel. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_add_image.png)

### Set Texture

With the new Image selected, set the `Texture` field in the `Inspector`
panel to your imported Texture resource. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_set_texture.png)

### Move, Scale and Rotate in Scene

With the new Image selected, you can move the object in the 3D Scene in
the `Scene` Panel. Press the `W` shortcut to enable the move handles on
the object and then drag the handles to move in the X, Y and Z space.
Similarly you can use the `E` shortcut for Scale and the `R` shortcut
for Rotation. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_transform.gif)

## Add Image to Face

Images can be attached to and track with the face. Please refer to the
[Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image) guide for details. 

## Adjusting Image

With a Image or Screen image selected in the `Objects` panel, you can
modify the Image's settings in the `Inspector` panel.

 ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_inspector_shared.png)

  - **Material - **The material assigned to the image. Unless you're
    using your own custom material, use the Default material
  - **Texture -** The Texture Resource assigned to the image
  - **Blend Mode -  **The blend mode of the image. Commonly used blend
    modes are Normal, Multiply, Overlay, Screen and Soft Light
  - **Alpha - **How transparent the image will be
  - **Depth Test - ** Whether or not the image should test for depth for
    render order
  - **Align to Camera -** Whether or not the image should always face
    the camera
  - **Stretch Mode - **How the image is fit to its bounding box. See the
    below section on the available Stretch Modes
  - **Flip -** Allows you to flip the image either horizontally or
    vertically

Screen Images access to `Vertical Alignment` and `Horizontal Alignment`.
These buttons allow you to configure the Image's alignment within its
bounding box. These options will only appear when working with an Image
with a Screen Transform.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_inspector_alignment.png)

Images that exists in the 3D Scene gives access to a `Pivot Position`
field. Additionally, the `Pivot Presets` interface will automatically
set the Pivot Position to commonly used pivots when clicked. These
options will only appear when working with an Image without a Screen
Transform.   

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_pivot_inpector.png)

### Stretch Modes

Stretch Modes define how the image will fit to its bounding box. Below
are the available Stretch Modes to choose from. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_fit.gif)

**Fill**

Fill will always fill the bounding box completely with the image. The
image will extend pass the bounding box to maintain a complete fill. The
image's aspect ratio is preserved.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_fill.gif)

**Stretch**

Stretch will always completely fill the bounding box with the image. It
will stretch the image to fill the bounding box, distorting its aspect
ratio. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_stretch.gif)

**Fit Width**

Fit Width will always fit the image within the width space of the box.
The image can extend beyond the bounding box on the top and bottom. The
image's aspect ratio is preserved.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_fit_width.gif)

**Fit Height**  

Fit Height will always fit the image within the height space of the box.
The image can extend beyond the bounding box on the left and right. The
image's aspect ratio is preserved.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_fit_height.gif)

**Fill and Cut**  

Fill and Cut works exactly like Fill but instead of letting the image
extend beyond the bounding box, it crops the image to the bounding box. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/image_fill_and_cut.gif)

## Screen Transform

Screen Images always come with a Screen Transform component. The Screen
Transform allows you to adapt screen attached UI to device resolution
changes. Please refer to the [Screen
Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform) guide for a detailed walkthrough
on the power of Screen Transform including some commonly used setups. 

## Scripting Image 

Below are some common scripting use cases for modifying Image
programatically. 

### Set Texture 

The script below will set the Image's texture.   

    // @input Component.Image image
    // @input Asset.Texture texture
    script.image.mainPass.baseTex = script.texture;

### Set Alpha 

The script below will set the Image's alpha via the color parameter
(without changing its color).

    // @input Component.Image image
    // @input float alpha = 0.5 {"widget":"slider", "min":0.0, "max":1.0, "step":0.01}
    var currColor = script.image.mainPass.baseColor;
    script.image.mainPass.baseColor = new vec4( currColor.r, currColor.g, currColor.b, script.alpha );

### Set Color

The script below will set the Image's color. 

    // @input Component.Image image
    // @input vec4 color {"widget":"color"}
    script.image.mainPass.baseColor = script.color;

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
