# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

# News

# [Introducing Lens Studio 2.0](/news/introducing-lens-studio-2-0)

Apr 04, 2019

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SPS_News_triptych.gif)  

Since the launch of Lens Studio in December 2017, millions of people
from across the globe have played with Lenses made by our community.
Today at [Snap Partner
Summit](https://www.snap.com/en-US/news/post/snap-partner-summit-the-future-of-lenses),
we announced even more ways for creators to make their mark on the
world\!

**  
**

**New Templates**

Your creations, now in more locations\! Transform pets, hands,
bodies, and even iconic landmarks across the world. For a full list of
new templates and capabilities, see the [release notes](/download).*  
*

  - ****[*Landmarkers (Beta):*](/templates/landmarker)**** Redesign the
    Eiffel Tower, Buckingham Palace, and more with your own AR
    creations.*  
    *
  - *****[Pet Tracking:](/templates/object/pet)*** Level up your cats
    and dogs\!*  
    *
  - *****[Hand Tracking:](/templates/object/hand)*** Make Lenses that
    activate with the flick of a wrist, or trails of sparkles that flow
    from your fingers.
  - ***[Body Tracking:](/templates/object/body)* **Level up your moves
    with Lenses that follow your upper body\!
  - ***[High Score:](/templates/interactive/high-score)* **Build Lenses
    that can store previous activity — like games that keep high
    scores\!

**  
**

**Additional Features**

Make every creation more powerful. Try new visual effects, helpful UI
components, and elements that make Lenses even more personalized to your
users\!

  - ***UI 2.0:* **We’ve completely revamped our systems for rendering 2D
    images and text to the screen. Now, 2D elements automatically adapt
    to different screen resolutions and Snapchat UI — without writing
    any script.
  - ***Screen Effects Library:* **Try new full-screen visual effects —
    like Analog TV, Camera Distortion, Chromatic Aberration, Shake, and
    VHS.
  - ***Persistent Storage:* **Now, users can pick up right where they
    left off when they play with your Lenses — so you can build
    experiences that save high scores, keep unlocked content, and more\!
  - ***Live & Capture Targets:* **Add buttons and helper hints that help
    Snapchatters use your Lens. These elements disappear when a Snap is
    recorded\!
  - ***User Context System:* **Make Lenses that customize according to
    real-time, user-specific info — including name, city, time, weather,
    temperature, and even birthday\!
  - ***Device Simulation:* **Pop out the Preview panel to reveal
    realistic renders and screen simulations for all kinds of devices.

****

**  
**

**Coming Soon: Lens Creator Profiles**

We’re excited to introduce Lens Creator Profiles — a new place to build
an audience and showcase all your Lenses\! Profiles will continue to
roll out to all creators soon, so be sure to keep an eye out.

**  
**

**Forum Update**

We’ve re-designed the [Lens Studio
Forum](https://lensstudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics) and
improved the search function. Find all the answers you need — or submit
your own and become a top contributor\!

  

Happy creating\!

Team Lens Studio

  

# [Introducing Snap Camera](/news/introducing-snap-camera)

Oct 26, 2018

Today we are excited to introduce [Snap
Camera](https://snapcamera.snapchat.com/): a free app designed for
desktop that invites anyone to experience the fun of Lenses on their
computer.

With Snap Camera, you can choose from thousands of Lenses, including
classics made by Snapchat as well as new designs created daily by you,
our Lens Creator community. And because it works great with Twitch, Snap
Camera will let your Lenses reach a whole new audience of streamers and
viewers. It all adds up to even more opportunities for the Lenses you
create to be used by Snapchatters.

Most face Lenses you create in Lens Studio should work seamlessly in
Snap Camera with just a few adjustments to your workflow. Be sure to
check out [this guide](/guides/snap-camera) for updated Lens creation
best practices.

Happy creating and streaming,

Team Lens Studio

# [Introducing Lens Studio 1.7](/news/introducing-lens-studio-1-7)

Oct 18, 2018

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Gif_Ttiptych_1.gif)

We’re excited to announce a new update to Lens Studio\! This version
includes new features and templates requested by the community — now
there are even more types of Lenses to create and share with
Snapchatters\!  

**Template Overview**

  - ***Segmentation: ***Replace a portion of the camera with an image,
    tiled image, or post effect
    coloring. [Learn More](/templates/face/segmentation) | [](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1lwtyElztNg70TrEblII6HjXxRXNG4nNa)[Try
    Lens](https://www.snapchat.com/unlock/?type=SNAPCODE&uuid=50cb2ee6bec448abaa03ed7bf0a7988d&metadata=01) 
  - ***Face Image Picker:*** Select a photo from your camera roll and
    attach it to a world object\!
     [Learn More](/templates/world/face-image-picker) | [Try
    Lens](https://www.snapchat.com/unlock/?type=SNAPCODE&uuid=e07451cbcd51491cb3932c264893bf50&metadata=01) 
  - ***Marker:*** Build experiences uniquely tied to a specific image,
    adding an additional layer of context to the Lens.
    [Learn More](/templates/marker/marker) | [Try
    Lens](https://youtu.be/Cyiu2vTkipM) 
  - ***Marker with Snapcode:*** Unlock a marker experience directly from
    a Snapcode. [Learn More](/templates/marker/marker-with-snapcode)

Be sure to also check out [Audio Effects](/guides/audio-effect),
[Labels](/guides/2d/text) and [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs) for
even more ways to push your Lenses. For a full list of all the updates,
check out our [Release Notes](/download).   

We can’t wait to see what you come up with. If you run into issues or
want to share your Lens, be sure to visit the
[forum](https://lensstudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)\!

Happy creating,

Team Lens Studio

# [Introducing Face Particles Template](/news/introducing-face-particles-template)

Aug 20, 2018

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/face_particles_template2.png)

We’re excited to announce a new template that combines a few of our
creators’ favorite features. The Face Particles template gives you
several differently styled particle effects to include in your Face Lens
experience. The template uses a mask attached to the face so that the
user is always in front of the particles. It also uses the Rotation
tracking mode to make it feel like the particles are really in the
world. Finally, it includes a handy script for forcing a header and
footer image to be attached to the top and bottom of the screen on any
device resolution. [Download the
template](/templates/face/face-particles) and try it today\!

Happy creating\!

Team Lens Studio

# [DC Super Heroes Competition Winner Announced](/news/dc-super-heroes-competition-winner-announced)

Jul 17, 2018

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Comic-Book-Portal-Snapcode.png)

Congratulations to CyreneQ for her winning Lens submission in the DC
Super Heroes Competition, Comic Book Portal. The Lens featured images
from the DC Asset Pack and was assembled using the Lens Studio Portal
template. Experience the Lens for yourself by scanning the Snapcode
above and try building your own portal Lens with [this
tutorial](/templates/world/portal).  

Happy creating,

Team Lens Studio

# [Introducing Lens Previews for Lens Explorer](/news/introducing-lens-previews-for-lens-explorer)

Jul 12, 2018

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Lens_Explorer_EN.jpg)

Starting today you can add previews of your Lenses in My Lenses\! These
previews will appear in Snapchat as part of the new feature, Lens
Explorer.  

Lens Explorer began rolling out to iOS users last week and provides an
easier way to discover and unlock thousands of Lenses built by Lens
Creators around the world\!

To begin browsing in Lens Explorer, just tap the new icon that appears
when the Lens Carousel is active. Tap a Lens tile to unlock a Lens and
be taken directly to the Snap Camera, or browse Lenses in featured
Stories. Unlock a Lens by swiping up on Snaps in these Stories.

By adding a preview to your Lenses you give your creations a better
chance of being featured in Lens Explorer and being seen by millions\!
For tips on creating the perfect preview, [check out this
guide](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video/).

Happy creating,

Team Lens Studio

# [Underwater Expedition, No Snorkel Required](/news/underwater-expedition-no-snorkel-required)

Jun 19, 2018

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Cal-Academy-of-Sciences-Snapcodes.png)

In celebration of their new planetarium show, [Expedition
Reef](https://www.calacademy.org/exhibits/expedition-reef), the
California Academy of Sciences released 5 Lenses that explore complex
coral reef ecosystems around the world. The realistic and
scientifically-accurate Lenses were created by the Academy’s in-hour
Visualization Studio and is a great examples of how scientific
institutions can use Lens Studio. We’re so excited to see more
educational Lenses that entertain from CAS and others\!

Happy creating,

Team Lens Studio

# [Lens Studio now on Twitch](/news/lens-studio-now-on-twitch)

May 09, 2018

Starting today, you can now follow along as the Lens Studio team creates
a Lens and its assets live on Twitch\! Tune in at 3pm for the first
stream <https://www.twitch.tv/lensstudio>. If you can’t make today’s
stream, keep an eye on Twitter where we will announce future streams.
<https://twitter.com/SnapLensStudio>

Happy creating,

Team Lens Studio

# [Substance Painter Rubber Ducky Challenge Winners Announced](/news/substance-painter-rubber-ducky-challenge-winners-announced)

Apr 24, 2018

  

|                                                                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                            |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Iron-Ducky-Snapcode.png) | ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Rubber-Ducky-Samurai-Snapcode.png) |

Congratulations to the winners of the Substance Painter Rubber Ducky
challenge: David H. for Irony Ducky, and Meik H. for Samurai Ducky. Scan
the Snapcodes above to unlock these Lenses, and be on the lookout for
the next Lens Studio Challenge\!  

Happy creating\!

Team Lens Studio

# [Expanding Camera Creativity](/news/expanding-camera-creativity)

Apr 17, 2018

**You Dreamed It. You Created It.**

Last December, we launched Lens Studio and shared a short,
do-it-yourself overview video. What happened next went beyond anything
we had imagined.  

In less than two months, 30,000 Lenses were submitted by artists around
the world. Today, your Lenses have been viewed more than one billion
times, and played with for more than 2 million hours\!

In short, you did it. You created the world’s first community of
augmented reality artists and users. And this is just the beginning.

We created Snapchat because we believed that the smartphone camera is
the fastest and most expressive way to share your unique point of view.
With the camera, you could express yourself not just with words, but
with images, stickers, videos, doodles, and more — redefining
communication in a world that sometimes feels less connected than ever.

We created Lenses for the same purpose — not to “bring augmented reality
to the masses,” but simply to empower creativity in a totally new way.
We’ve been thrilled by the imaginative ideas and experiences you’ve
brought to Lenses, and wanted to offer a little peek into our thinking
going forward  

✓ **It’s Not About the Technology**.  Snapchatters use Lenses to create
and share experiences with their friends. The underlying technology
should exist behind the scenes. When we can remove the friction from
creativity by making pretty advanced tools fun and easy to use, we can
inspire people and help bring their ideas to life.

✓ **Our Community Will Drive the Future**.  Creatives, artists, and
everyday users push augmented reality in ways we never imagined. You are
the ultimate end-users, after all, and we will listen and watch how you
currently use Lens Studio — and how you *want* to use it.

✓ **It’s Just the Beginning**.  For the first time, we are seeing
augmented reality experiences that are truly engaging. But we are still
at the earliest stages of discovery. Creativity has become a fixture of
the mobile experience, and it will only grow as people find new ways to
express themselves on their phones — and eventually other kinds of
hardware, too. Empowering our community to unlock their creativity will
push all of this forward.  

We can’t wait to see what you will create next\!

Team Lens Studio  

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
