# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

# Lens Studio FAQ

Join the community... [Check Out The
Forum](https://lensstudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

## General

<span id="what-is-a-lens" class="anchor"></span>

#### What is a Lens?

Snapchat Lenses are a way to transform the world around you with
augmented reality. There are face Lenses that add fun effects to your
face, and world Lenses that bring characters, effects, and more into
frame\!Â âœ¨  

You can play with them on your phone in the Snapchat app, or on your Mac
or PC with the [Snap Camera](https://snapcamera.snapchat.com) app\!Â 

  

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-is-a-lens)

<span id="whats-the-difference-between-a-lens" class="anchor"></span>

#### What's the difference between a Lens and a Filter?

Snapchat Lenses are playful AR experiences that transform the world
around you.Â   

Filters are creative effects you can add after taking a Snap, that help
share where you are, what you're doing, and more.Â 

You can learn more about
FiltersÂ [here](https://support.snapchat.com/a/filters2).

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#whats-the-difference-between-a-lens)

<span id="what-is-lens-studio" class="anchor"></span>

#### What is Lens Studio?

Lens Studio is a desktop app for Mac and PC that you can use to create,
publish, and share magical experiences in AR. You can share your Lenses
on Snapchat and the Snap Camera desktop app, where an audience of
millions is waiting to play\!Â   

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-is-lens-studio)

<span id="is-lens-studio-free-to-download" class="anchor"></span>

#### Is Lens Studio free to download and use?

It sure is :)

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#is-lens-studio-free-to-download)

<span id="where-can-i-download-lens-studio" class="anchor"></span>

#### Where can I download Lens Studio?

You can download the latest version of Lens Studio [here](/download).

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#where-can-i-download-lens-studio)

<span id="can-i-create-face-lenses-and" class="anchor"></span>

#### Can I create Face Lenses and World Lenses with Lens Studio?

Yes\! Starting from Lens Studio 1.5, you can create Face Lenses, World
Lenses, and Lenses with both Face and World experiences. Download the
latest version of Lens Studio [here](/download), and learn about adding
Face experiences to your existing World Lenses
[here](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates).

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#can-i-create-face-lenses-and)

<span id="whats-the-official-lens-creator-program" class="anchor"></span>

#### What's the Official Lens Creator program and how can I register my interest?

The Official Lens Creator program is our way of helping Lens Creators up
their game and take things to the next level. We provide exclusive
benefits, collaboration opportunities, and support to the best Lens
Creators out there\! If you think you've got what it takes, let us know
you're interested by completing the form on theÂ [Creators
page](/creators).Â You'll need to provide us with the IDs for two of your
most compelling and creative Lenses. We're looking forward to seeing
your picks\!  

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#whats-the-official-lens-creator-program)

## Getting Started

<span id="what-are-the-hardware-and-system" class="anchor"></span>

#### What are the hardware and system requirements for Lens Studio?

Below are the current requirements for Lens Studio.

  - **Operating System**: Windows 10 (64 bit); MacOS 10.11+
  - **Hardware**:Â Minimum of Intel Core i3 2.5Ghz or AMD Phenom II
    2.6Ghz with 4 GB RAM; Intel HD Graphics 4000 / Nvidia GeForce 710 /
    AMD Radeon HD 6450 or better; screen resolution of 1280x768 or
    higher

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-are-the-hardware-and-system)

<span id="how-can-i-get-started-with" class="anchor"></span>

#### How can I get started with Lens Studio?

Check out our ["Getting Started"](/guides/getting-started)Â guide to
learn how to build your first Lens\!  

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-can-i-get-started-with)

<span id="how-will-i-know-if-there" class="anchor"></span>

#### How will I know if there is an update to Lens Studio?

When you openÂ Lens Studio it will notify you if there is an update
available. Or, you canÂ select 'Check for Updates...' from the Lens
Studio menu at any time.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-will-i-know-if-there)

<span id="where-can-i-find-the-release" class="anchor"></span>

#### Where can I find the release notes for Lens Studio?

All of the latest features, bug fixes, and performance improvements can
be found on the [Release History page](/changelog).

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#where-can-i-find-the-release)

<span id="i-want-to-build-a-lens" class="anchor"></span>

#### I want to build a Lens, but I don't have any 3D models. What can I do?

We've got you covered\! If you have 2D assets on hand, you can still use
theÂ [Picture
Frame](/templates/world/picture-frame)Â orÂ [Cutout](/templates/world/cutout)Â templates
templates. You can also use content from [GIPHY directly within Lens
Studio](/guides/2d/giphy-import)\!

  

Otherwise, you can play with 3D models from sites likeÂ [Google
Poly](https://poly.google.com/)Â orÂ [Sketchfab](https://sketchfab.com/).
Whichever you choose to do, remember to only include assets in your Lens
that you have the right to use. ðŸ‘Œ

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#i-want-to-build-a-lens)

## Lens Content

<span id="do-i-own-the-content-i" class="anchor"></span>

#### Do I own the content I create in Lens Studio?

Any resources that belong toÂ you which you upload into Lens Studio to
create your Lens (such as textures, sounds, materials, .fbx files, etc.)
remain yours. You grant Snapchat rights to the final Lens.

  
For more information, please refer toÂ theÂ [Lens Studio License
Agreement](/terms).

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#do-i-own-the-content-i)

<span id="are-there-any-content-guidelines-for" class="anchor"></span>

#### Are there any content guidelines for Lenses?

Our goal is to encourage the broadest range of creativity and
self-expression possible, while making sure that Snapchatters can enjoy
playing with Lenses safely. With this important balance in mind, we've
established these Content [Submission
Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines) for creating
Lenses for Snapchat.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#are-there-any-content-guidelines-for)

<span id="can-i-use-the-codeartassets-used" class="anchor"></span>

#### Can I use the code/art/assets used in Lens Studio's example projects?

Feel free to use the provided source code for commercial or
non-commercial purposes when creating your Lens. But since creativity is
king here at Snap Inc., we encourage you to create your own assets, or
obtain the rights to use others' assets in fun new ways\!  

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#can-i-use-the-codeartassets-used)

<span id="can-i-use-animated-gifs-in" class="anchor"></span>

#### Can I use animated GIFs in my Lenses?

Yes\! You can add GIFs to your Lens projects in two ways: by [adding
them directlyÂ from GIPHY](/guides/2d/giphy-import) within Lens Studio,
or by [importing them into the Resources
panel](/guides/2d/2d-animation).

  

As always, remember to only include assets in your Lens that you have
the right to use. ðŸ‘Œ

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#can-i-use-animated-gifs-in)

<span id="what-d-model-formats-are-supported" class="anchor"></span>

#### What 3D model formats are supported in Lens Studio?

Lens Studio supports .FBX and .OBJ and glTF formats for 3D models. To
learn more, and to find more information about preparing objects for
export, check out the ["3D Object Import"](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
guide.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-d-model-formats-are-supported)

<span id="how-many-polygons-are-supported-in" class="anchor"></span>

#### How many polygons are supported in a Lens scene?

The Lens Studio scene should have a total polygon count that doesn't
exceed 5,000 polygons (10,000 triangles). This limit ensures your model
displays smoothly across the widest variety of Android and iOS devices
possible.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-many-polygons-are-supported-in)

<span id="how-many-objects-are-supported-in" class="anchor"></span>

#### How many objects are supported in a Lens scene?

Each item in the Objects panel counts as an individual object, and every
object you add to your project has an impact on performance. To create
the smoothest (and most fun\!) Lens experience possible, keep the number
of objects as low as possible. For complex projects, we recommend that
you don't keep more than 500 objects in your Objects panel.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-many-objects-are-supported-in)

<span id="what-is-the-maximum-file-size" class="anchor"></span>

#### What is the maximum file size of a Lens?

The maximum file size for an exported Lens is 4 MB, but we recommend
that you aim for 2 MB to make sure your Lens loads quickly\!Â 

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-is-the-maximum-file-size)

<span id="does-lens-studio-support-d-animation" class="anchor"></span>

#### Does Lens Studio support 3D animation?

Yes, Lens Studio supports skeletal, blend shape, and transform
animations.  

For skeletal animation, we suggest keeping the rig size below 100
joints. When using blend shapes, do so sparingly, and pay close
attention to Frame Rate performance.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#does-lens-studio-support-d-animation)

<span id="can-i-use-a-custom-shader" class="anchor"></span>

#### Can I use a custom shader in Lens Studio?

Not currently.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#can-i-use-a-custom-shader)

<span id="i-saw-a-special-effect-on" class="anchor"></span>

#### I saw a special effect on a Lens in Snapchat that I'd like to recreate, but can't find how to do it in the documentation provided.

The Lens Studio community is here to help\! Please post your question in
the ["Lens Studio
General"](https://lensstudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics/115000052703-Lens-Studio-General)Â forum.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#i-saw-a-special-effect-on)

## Pairing with Snapchat

<span id="how-do-i-pair-lens-studio" class="anchor"></span>

#### How do I pair Lens Studio to the Snapchat app?

Connect your computer and your mobile device to the same wireless
network. (If you're connected via an ethernet cable, you'll need to
unplug.) Then, follow the instructions in the ["Pairing to
Snapchat"](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)Â guide.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-do-i-pair-lens-studio)

<span id="what-version-of-snapchat-should-i" class="anchor"></span>

#### What version of Snapchat should I have on my device to pair with Lens Studio?

Open Lens Studio and select `Lens Studio -> About Lens Studio` from the
menu bar. There, refer to the `Minimum Android Version` and `Minimum iOS
Version` entries. These are the minimum versions of Snapchat required to
use a Lens built in that version of Lens Studio.Â 

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-version-of-snapchat-should-i)

<span id="can-i-pair-multiple-devices-to" class="anchor"></span>

#### Can I pair multiple devices to Lens Studio?

Only one mobile device can be actively paired with Lens Studio at a
time.

  
To pair another device, unpair the original device by selecting
'`Pairing > Disconnect`' from the Lens Studio application menu. Then log
into Snapchat on the new device and repeat the pairing process from the
beginning.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#can-i-pair-multiple-devices-to)

<span id="how-do-i-remove-my-paired" class="anchor"></span>

#### How do I remove my paired Lens from Snapchat?

If you want to remove the paired lens fromÂ Snapchat, first open
Snapchat. Then, go toÂ `Settings`. There, selectÂ ` Additional Services ->
Manage -> Lens Studio -> Pair Status -> Tap to  ``Unpair`. This will
unpair your device andÂ remove the paired Lens from your Lens carousel.
Note, you might have to force quit and reopen Snapchat if you want the
Lens removed immediately.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-do-i-remove-my-paired)

## My Lenses

<span id="how-do-i-submit-my-finished" class="anchor"></span>

#### How do I submit my finished Lens so I can see it on Snapchat?

Check out our ["Submitting your
Lenses"](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)Â guide for the full
instructions (and some fun tips\!).

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-do-i-submit-my-finished)

<span id="how-long-will-it-take-for" class="anchor"></span>

#### How long will it take for my Lens to go live after I've submitted it?

We'll do our best to get your Lens live as soon as we can\!

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-long-will-it-take-for)

<span id="will-i-be-notified-once-my" class="anchor"></span>

#### Will I be notified once my Lens is live?

Yes, we'll send you an email once your Lens is live. We'll also reach
out by email if your Lens doesn't meet our guidelines\!Â   

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#will-i-be-notified-once-my)

<span id="for-how-long-will-the-lenses" class="anchor"></span>

#### For how long will the Lenses I submit be live?

Lenses remain live and unlockable for one year after the last update, or
until you deactivate them.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#for-how-long-will-the-lenses)

<span id="what-can-i-do-to-ensure" class="anchor"></span>

#### What can I do to ensure that my Lens won't be rejected as Invalid?

There are a few technical guidelines you should follow to ensure your
Lens is valid:  

  - The Lens should be under 4 MB in size
  - The Lens frame rate should be higher than 20 FPS on high end devices
    and 10 FPS on low end devices. Please refer to theÂ [Performance and
    Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)Â guide
    for additional information
  - The Lens should consume less than 120 MB of RAM
  - The Lens should run without raising exceptions or crashing. Check
    that there are no errors in the Logger panel when previewing the
    Lens. Please refer to the [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
    guide for additional information
  - The Lens when uncompressed should be less than 20 MB. The size of
    your project's Public folder is an approximation of theÂ uncompressed
    Lens size.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-can-i-do-to-ensure)

<span id="i-cant-submit-my-lens-because" class="anchor"></span>

#### I can't submit my Lens because it's over 4 MB in size, how can I optimize?

You can reduce the size of your exported Lens by optimizing each of the
assets in your Lens Studio project. Here are some guidelines for the
asset types you can import to Lens Studio:

  - **Audio -Â **All audio files imported to your project should be mono
    (not stereo), and imported in .mp3 format.
  - **Images -Â **Images imported to your project should not exceed a
    resolution of 2048x2048. To reduce file size, try to compress the
    images as much as possible without compromising visual quality.Â 
  - **3D Models -Â **Imported models need to be 5,000 polygons (10,000
    triangles) or less

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#i-cant-submit-my-lens-because)

<span id="i-have-some-changes-id-like" class="anchor"></span>

#### I have some changes I'd like to make to my Lens. Can I update it?

Yes\! To update an existing Lens, click the dropdown icon on the
'Upload' button in the submission form, then click 'Update existing' and
make any changes you'd like\!

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#i-have-some-changes-id-like)

<span id="can-i-deactivate-a-lens" class="anchor"></span>

#### Can I deactivate a Lens?

Yes, a Lens can be deactivated from the My Lenses dashboard by clicking
the â€¢â€¢â€¢ menu button next to the LensÂ and selectingÂ Deactivate. It may
take a few minutes for the Snapcode and Lens link to become inactive.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#can-i-deactivate-a-lens)

<span id="can-i-see-how-many-people" class="anchor"></span>

#### Can I see how many people are using my Lenses?

Yes\! You can head over to the My Lenses dashboard, where Snapchatter
views, scans, and share metrics for each Lens are tracked and updated
daily.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#can-i-see-how-many-people)

<span id="can-i-track-who-sees-my" class="anchor"></span>

#### Can I track who sees my Lens?

While you can't track individual views like you would on your Snapchat
Story, you can track:

  - Views: The number of times this Lens has been viewed
  - Scans: The number of times this Snapcode has been scanned
  - Shares: The number of times this Lens has been shared on Snapchat

in the My Lenses Dashboard.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#can-i-track-who-sees-my)

## Sharing Lenses

<span id="how-can-i-share-my-lens" class="anchor"></span>

#### How can I share my Lens?

You can share your Lens by downloading the Snapcode or by copying the
Lens linkÂ from the Share button in the My Lenses screen. You can also
share Lenses directly with your friends on Snapchat by tapping the "Send
to Friends" button when the Lens is unlocked\!Â 

  

For more information, check out the [Sharing Your
Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)Â guide.Â 

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-can-i-share-my-lens)

<span id="what-is-a-snapcode-and-how" class="anchor"></span>

#### What is a Snapcode and how do I use it?

A Snapcode can be scanned in the Snapchat app to unlock features and
unique content. Each Lens created in Lens Studio generates a unique
Snapcode, which includes the icon of the Lens it's associated with and
can be scanned to unlock the Lens.Â 

  

For more information, check out theÂ [Unlocking
Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses) guide.Â 

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-is-a-snapcode-and-how)

<span id="what-is-a-lens-link" class="anchor"></span>

#### What is a Lens link?

Lens Links are a way to share your Lens without a Snapcode. Anyone that
has Snapchat installed on their phone can tap the link and be taken
right to your Lens. If they're on a desktop computer or don't have
Snapchat, they'll be directed to a web page that features your
Snapcode.  

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-is-a-lens-link)

<span id="what-will-snapchatters-see-when-they" class="anchor"></span>

#### What will Snapchatters see when they unlock a Lens I have built?

When your Lens is unlocked, Snapchatters will see your name and the name
of your Lens in Snapchat. They can also share the Lens with their
friends by tapping the 'Send to Friends' button.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#what-will-snapchatters-see-when-they)

<span id="after-unlocking-a-lens-for-how" class="anchor"></span>

#### After unlocking a lens, for how long does it appear in the Snapchat carousel?

Lenses remain unlocked for 48 hours. There is no limit on the number of
times a user may unlock a Lens, and it will remain in the carousel for
48 hours each time the Snapcode is scanned.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#after-unlocking-a-lens-for-how)

<span id="i-already-have-a-snapcode-that" class="anchor"></span>

#### I already have a Snapcode that I'm using for advertising my product or service. Can I attach a Lens to it?

To learn more about our ad products, including Lenses, please visit our
[Business website](https://forbusiness.snapchat.com/).

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#i-already-have-a-snapcode-that)

## Troubleshooting

<span id="my-device-received-the-lens-i" class="anchor"></span>

#### My device received the Lens I made in Lens Studio, but it's causing Snapchat to crash. How do I fix it?

Lenses can crash for a number of reasons. Check out our guide
onÂ [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)Â for more info on how to
track down issues in your Lens scripts.

  

To replace a crashing paired lens, open one of the built-in template
projects,Â [Pair to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)Â and
push the lens to your device. This will replace the crashing lens with a
simple working template lens.Â 

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#my-device-received-the-lens-i)

<span id="i-can-see-my-d-content" class="anchor"></span>

#### I can see my 3D content in the Scene View, but not in the Preview. How do I fix it?

It's possible that your content is not within the Camera object's
frustum. Follow these steps to verify your Camera settings in Lens
Studio:  
1\. Select your Camera object.  
2\. Check the values of the Near and Far settings on the Camera
component. Make sure that your content falls within range of these
values. You can also verify the clip planes by taking a look at the
Camera's frustum wireframe in the Scene view.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#i-can-see-my-d-content)

<span id="im-having-trouble-getting-lens-studio" class="anchor"></span>

#### I'm having trouble getting Lens Studio to pair with my device. What can I do?

Make sure both your device and your computer are on the same Wi-Fi
network. You can then reset Lens Studio's pairing settings by selecting
`Pairing > Disconnect` from the application menu.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#im-having-trouble-getting-lens-studio)

## Additional Help

<span id="how-do-i-reach-out-to" class="anchor"></span>

#### How do I reach out to other Lens Studio creators?

The [Lens Studio
Community](https://lensstudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)Â is
a great place to get in touch with other creators\! Ask questions,
submit answers, and share feedback. You can also become a top
contributor, if you play your cards right.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#how-do-i-reach-out-to)

<span id="i-dont-see-my-question-on" class="anchor"></span>

#### I don't see my question on this page. How do I get in touch?

Please post your question in the [Lens Studio
Community](https://lensstudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)Â forums.
If you'd like to report a bug, please let us know at
<lensstudio-support@snapchat.com>.

  

If the bug relates to a specific Lens, please provide the LensÂ ID. You
can find your Lens ID by following the instructions in the [Submitting
Your Lens](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens) guide.

[![](/assets/images/support/link.png)](#i-dont-see-my-question-on)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
