# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

# Lens Studio License Agreement

Dansk Deutsch English (US) English (UK) Español Français Italiano 日本語
Nederlands Norsk Polish Português (Brasil) Suomi Svenska

If you live in the United States when you use Lens Studio (defined
below) or are using Lens Studio on behalf of a business with its
principal place of business located in the United States, [Snap Inc.’s
Lens Studio License Agreement](#usa) governs your use. 

If you live outside the United States when you use Lens Studio, or if
you are using Lens Studio on behalf of a business with its principal
place of business outside the United States, [Snap Group Limited’s Lens
Studio License Agreement](#world) governs your use.

Please print a copy of this Agreement and keep it for your reference.

<span id="usa" class="anchor"></span>

**SNAP INC.**

**LENS STUDIO LICENSE AGREEMENT**

PLEASE READ THIS LENS STUDIO LICENSE AGREEMENT (THIS “**AGREEMENT**”)
CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, ACCESSING, OR USING LENS
STUDIO. 

THIS AGREEMENT IS A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (“**YOU**” OR
“**YOUR**”) AND SNAP INC. (“**SNAP**”). BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING,
ACCESSING, OR USING LENS STUDIO OR BY CLICKING ON THE APPLICABLE BUTTON
TO DOWNLOAD OR INSTALL LENS STUDIO, YOU: (A) ACCEPT DELIVERY OF LENS
STUDIO; AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD,
CONSENT TO, AND ARE BOUND BY, THIS AGREEMENT.

IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT DOWNLOAD,
INSTALL, ACCESS, OR USE LENS STUDIO AND UNINSTALL AND DELETE ANY COPIES.

ARBITRATION NOTICE: THESE TERMS INCLUDE AN ARBITRATION PROVISION A
LITTLE LATER ON. EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THE
ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU AND SNAP AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL
BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, AND YOU AND SNAP WAIVE ANY
RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE
ARBITRATION.

1.      **GENERAL.**

a.      This Agreement governs Your use of: (i) Snap’s Lens Studio
software, and any other software and tools marked in an accompanying
file as being subject to this Agreement (collectively, the “**Lens
Software**”); and (ii) certain documentation relating to the Lens
Software, including video tutorials and other information made available
to user on the Snap website, apps, or by any other means (collectively,
the “**Documentation**”), for the Term of this Agreement as set out in
Section 11 below or as otherwise specified by Snap in writing. Snap may
make the Lens Software and Documentation (collectively, the “**Lens
Studio**”) available via download or by any other means at Snap’s sole
discretion. This Agreement is effective as of the date You download,
install, access, or use Lens Studio (the “**Effective Date**”).

b.      **UNLESS OTHERWISE AGREED IN WRITING BY SNAP, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE
AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF LENS STUDIO IS ONLY FOR USE WITH ORIGINAL
WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP GENERATED AND OWNED BY YOU OR WITH MATERIALS OR
WORKS YOU ARE AUTHORIZED OR LEGALLY PERMITTED TO COPY OR REPRODUCE.
CONTACT YOUR LEGAL ADVISOR IF YOU ARE UNSURE ABOUT YOUR RIGHT TO COPY OR
REPRODUCE ANY MATERIALS OR WORK.**

c.      This Agreement will govern any upgrades, modifications, or
updates to Lens Studio provided by Snap to You. An upgrade may be
accompanied by an updated version of this Agreement. You must  agree to
the updated version of this Agreement to be able to continue to use Lens
Studio. If You do not agree to the updated Agreement You must stop using
Lens Studio and uninstall and delete any copies.

d.      If you are downloading and using Lens Studio on behalf of any
other person, entity, organization, or business, the words “You” and
“Your” used throughout this Agreement apply to both You and the other
person, entity, organization or business, as applicable. You represent,
warrant, and covenant that You are an authorized representative of the
person, entity, organization, or business, with the authority to bind
such person, entity, organization, or business to this Agreement.

e.      You affirm that You are at least the age of “majority” where You
live and are competent and authorized to agree to and abide by this
Agreement. If You want to use the Lens Studio and are under the age of
majority, You must have Your parents’ or legal guardian's valid
permission. If You are the parent or legal guardian of a minor that
wants to download and use Lens Studio, You accept this Agreement on the
minor’s behalf and are responsible for all use of Lens Studio and any
Lenses.

2.      **RIGHT TO USE.** Subject to Your ongoing compliance with the
terms of this Agreement, Snap grants You a personal, worldwide,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable,
royalty-free, revocable, limited license to: (a) download and install a
reasonable number of copies of Lens Studio on desktop or laptop
computers owned or controlled by You in accordance with any technical or
other specifications detailed in the Documentation; and (b) use the
installed Lens Studio in the United States and such other territories as
authorized by Snap, for the sole purpose of: (i) developing a Lens or
Lenses as described in this Agreement including the Documentation;
and/or (ii) for any other purpose set out in writing by Snap
(collectively, the “**Limited Purpose**”). NO OTHER USE OR
REDISTRIBUTION OF LENS STUDIO IS ALLOWED. NO OTHER RIGHTS ARE PROVIDED
AND SNAP EXPRESSLY RESERVES ALL RIGHTS NOT GRANTED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
For purposes of this Agreement, “**Lens**” or “**Lenses**” means
computer-generated video or graphic elements that individuals can use to
transform images or videos by altering or superimposing such elements on
images or videos. Snap reserves the right to modify, discontinue, limit,
suspend, or otherwise disable, temporarily or permanently,  any feature
or functionality of the Lens Software or Your access to Lens Studio or
any services to which it connects, with or without notice or liability
to You, in Snap’s sole discretion.

3.      **RESTRICTIONS ON USE.** You may not and will not allow a third
party to: (a) copy, disclose, transfer, alter, modify, translate,
disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, or adapt Lens Studio (except
to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restrictions);
(b) defeat, avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or otherwise circumvent
any software protection mechanisms in Lens Studio, including any such
mechanism used to restrict or control the functionality of Lens Studio;
(c) derive the source code or the underlying ideas, algorithms,
structure, or organization from Lens Studio; (d) create derivative works
based on Lens Studio, or any portion of the Lens Studio; (e) copy,
reproduce, or use Lens Studio in any manner other than as provided in
this Agreement; (f) assign, sublicense, sell or resell, disclose,
exploit, distribute, or otherwise transfer Lens Studio in whole or in
part to any third party; or (g) remove or alter any of the proprietary
or copyright notices contained in any version of Lens Studio provided
under this Agreement. You will not use Lens Studio for the purpose of
identifying or providing evidence to support any potential patent
infringement claim against Snap or any affiliates of Snap. Any use of
Lens Studio beyond what is authorized in this Agreement is strictly
prohibited and will immediately terminate the license granted to You in
this Agreement.

4.      **LENS DEVELOPMENT, SUBMISSION, AND LENS STUDIO OWNERSHIP.**

a.      You agree that in using Lens Studio and developing Lenses, You
will at all times comply with: (i) the terms of this Agreement; (ii) all
applicable federal, state, and local laws, statutes, ordinances, rules,
and regulations; (iii) the community guidelines made available by Snap
on Snap’s website (currently available at
https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/a/guidelines) or as otherwise made
available by Snap (“**Community Guidelines**”); (iv) the “Snap Inc. Lens
Studio Terms” made available by Snap on Snap’s website (currently
available at <https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/>) or as
otherwise made available by Snap (“**Lens Studio Terms**”); (v) any
submission guidelines made available by Snap on its website or as
otherwise provided by Snap to You; and (vi) any other standards and
guidelines made available by Snap from time to time (collectively, (iii)
through (vi) are referred to as the “**Guidelines**”).

b.      Submission of your Lenses for use in any Snap apps, products,
services, or other media platform is subject to the Guidelines. 

d.      Lens Studio is licensed, not sold, under this Agreement. Title,
ownership rights, and Intellectual Property Rights in and to Lens Studio
remain in (as applicable) Snap and its affiliates. The foregoing rights
will not apply to any equipment, software, or documentation from third
parties included in Lens Studio (“**Third Party Materials**”), which
will remain the property of the respective third party. Nothing
contained herein will be construed as the transfer, sale, or offer for
sale of Lens Studio, or any portion thereof, to You.

5.      **THIRD PARTY TOOLS AND YOUR CONTENT.**

a.      You are responsible for (i) Your use of any third party
software, apps, or other tools not provided by Snap (collectively,
“**Third Party Tools**”), (ii) any content or materials (including
computer generated video, graphic elements, or sounds), whether or not
created by You, that You use in the Lenses, including any content or
materials created by You or obtained by You from a third-party source
(collectively, “**Your Content**”); and (iii) ensuring that You have all
necessary licenses and rights to use such Third Party Tools and Your
Content and that Your use of such Third Party Tools and Your Content is
in compliance with this Agreement and any applicable third party terms
and conditions between you and such third party.

b.      You represent, warrant, and covenant to Snap that: (i) You own
or have obtained all necessary rights and licences to use Your Content;
(ii) Your Content does not and will not violate or infringe any
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, service marks, patents, moral
rights, and any other proprietary, intellectual property and other
rights including image and personality rights (collectively,
“**Intellectual Property Rights**”) of any third party; (iii) Your
Content is and will remain in compliance with the Guidelines; (iv) Your
use of Lens Studio, Third Party Tools, and Your Content will not result
in the transmission to Snap or into any Snap system or platform of any
“back door,” “time bomb,” “Trojan Horse,” “worm,” “drop dead device,”
“virus,” “spyware,” or “malware,” or any computer code or software
routine, which permits unauthorized access to, disables, damages,
erases, disrupts, or impairs the normal operation of, or use of any Snap
system or platform; and (v) You own or have obtained all necessary
rights and licenses in any Third Party Tools.

6.      **PRIVACY AND FEEDBACK.** 

a.      Your privacy matters to Snap. You can learn how Snap collects
and handles Your information when you use Lens Studio or our services by
reading Snap’s [Privacy Policy](https://www.snapchat.com/privacy/). By
downloading and using Lens Studio You agree that (i) Snap can collect,
use, and share information concerning Your use of Lens Studio as
described in our [Privacy Policy](https://www.snapchat.com/privacy/) and
any updates to that policy, and (ii) You have read and understood our
[Privacy Policy](https://www.snapchat.com/privacy/) and how Snap handles
Your information. It is Your responsibility to periodically check our
[Privacy Policy](https://www.snapchat.com/privacy/) for any updates. 

b.      Snap welcomes comments, questions, concerns, or suggestions.
Please send feedback to us by visiting
[support.snapchat.com](https://support.snapchat.com) or email us at
<lensstudio-support@snap.com>. By providing Snap any feedback,
suggestions, questions, comments, concerns, ideas, data, or other
information or materials (collectively, “**Feedback**”), You agree that
the Feedback is the sole property of Snap, Snap may use the Feedback
without compensating You, and Snap owns all Intellectual Property Rights
in such Feedback. You hereby waive any and all rights You may have to
the Feedback.

7.      **SUPPORT AND UPDATES.** You acknowledge that Snap has no
responsibility for providing You with any support, maintenance, update,
upgrade, or other enhancement for Lens Studio and that Snap is under no
obligation to create any update, upgrade, or enhancement to Lens Studio.

8.      **THIRD PARTY MATERIALS AND WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.**

a.      LENS STUDIO AND ANY OTHER MATERIALS PROVIDED BY SNAP ARE
PROVIDED “AS IS.” SNAP AND ITS LICENSORS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE
AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH
RESPECT TO LENS STUDIO OR ANY OUTPUT OR RESULTS BASED ON THE USE OF LENS
STUDIO. SNAP AND ITS LICENSORS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES AND
LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
TITLE, OR INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY IMPLIED INDEMNITY. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY
OTHER AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, SNAP AND ITS LICENSORS, AND THEIR
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, WILL HAVE NO INDEMNIFICATION OR DEFENSE
OBLIGATIONS ARISING FROM LENS STUDIO, THIRD PARTY MATERIALS, YOUR
CONTENT, OR ANY OUTPUT OR RESULTS (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE LENSES)
BASED ON THE USE OF LENS STUDIO.

b.      THIRD PARTY MATERIALS (AS DEFINED IN THIS AGREEMENT), AND YOUR
USE OF ANY THIRD PARTY MATERIALS, ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS, CONDITIONS,
AND DISCLAIMERS PROVIDED BY THE APPLICABLE THIRD PARTY. SNAP AND ITS
LICENSORS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS ASSUME NO
RESPONSIBILITY FOR AND MAKES NO WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO SUCH THIRD
PARTY MATERIALS.

9.      **INDEMNIFICATION.** You will indemnify, defend, and hold
harmless Snap, its licensors, and affiliates, and their respective
directors, stockholders, officers, affiliates, employees, agents, and
licensors, from and against any and all liabilities, damages, costs, and
all associated expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) from any
claims arising out of or on account of: (a) Your use of Lens Studio; (b)
an actual or alleged breach by You of this Agreement; (c) Your
negligence or willful misconduct; and (d) any actual or alleged
infringement of any Intellectual Property Rights by You, Your Content or
Your use of Lens Studio. These remedies are in addition to any other
remedies available to Snap at law or in equity.

10.     **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.** 

a.      TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SNAP OR
ITS LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS, BE LIABLE
FOR ANY ACCIDENT, INJURY, DEATH, LOSS, OR OTHER CLAIM RELATED TO OR
RESULTING FROM THE MISUSE OF LENS STUDIO. SNAP SPECIFICALLY ADVISES YOU
AGAINST USING LENS STUDIO IN A MANNER INCONSISTENT WITH THIS AGREEMENT,
THE DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY GUIDELINES.

b.      TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SNAP AND ITS
STOCKHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, AGENTS, AND SUPPLIERS
WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
PUNITIVE, OR MULTIPLE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES,
WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE,
GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM: (A) YOUR ACCESS TO
OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE LENS STUDIO OR ANY CONNECTED
SERVICES; (B) THE CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES ON
OR THROUGH LENS STUDIO OR THAT IS OTHERWISE CONTAINED IN YOUR CONTENT;
OR (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE, OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT, EVEN IF
SNAP HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT
WILL SNAP’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO LENS STUDIO
EXCEED THE GREATER OF $100 USD.

11.     **CONSIDERATION, TERM, AND TERMINATION.**

a.      The term of this Agreement and the rights granted to You in this
Agreement to use Lens Studio begin on the Effective Date and will
continue until terminated as provided in this Agreement (the “Term”).
This Agreement and Your rights under this Agreement will automatically
terminate without notice from Snap to You if you fail to comply with the
terms of this Agreement. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by
stopping Your use of Lens Studio and deleting all copies from your
computers. Snap may terminate this Agreement with or without cause
immediately by providing a notice (e-mail is acceptable) of termination
to You.

b.      Upon termination of this Agreement, Your rights under this
Agreement will automatically terminate and You will immediately: (i)
discontinue all use of Lens Studio; and (ii) delete all copies of Lens
Studio embodied in any device or hardware within Your possession. You
will, if requested by Snap, certify in writing Your compliance with the
foregoing.

c.      Sections 3-18 will survive any termination of this Agreement.

12.     **EXPORT COMPLIANCE.**

a.      You represent and warrant that (i) neither You, nor, if You are
a business, any affiliated company, are included on any restricted party
list maintained by the United States, European Union, United Kingdom or
other relevant government authority – for example, the US Specially
Designated Nationals List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List, Denied
Parties List, Unverified List and Entity List, and the UK and EU
consolidated lists of persons and entities subject to financial
sanctions targets; (ii) You (if You are a business) are not owned or
controlled by such a restricted party; and (iii) You are not resident
in, located in or organized under the laws of any country with which
trade is prohibited by the sanctions described above.

b.      Lens Studio may be subject to import and export laws and
regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international import
and export laws, customs laws, regulations that apply in connection with
Lens Studio, including restrictions on destinations, users and end use.

13.     **NOTICES.** All notices You send to Snap or that Snap sends to
You related to this Agreement must be in writing, sent to the address
below, and will be considered delivered and effective: (a) when
personally delivered; (b) two business days after sending by air
courier; (c) three business days after deposit in the U.S. Post Office,
certified mail, return receipt requested; or (d) for notices sent to
You, on the date transmitted to Your email address. Send all notices to
Snap  (unless otherwise instructed in writing by Snap) to: Snap Inc.,
Attn: General Counsel, 63 Market Street, Venice, CA 90291. Snap will
send notices to You  to the e-mail address You provided in Your Snapchat
account.

14.     **SNAP’S NAME AND MARKS.** Unless otherwise expressly approved
in advance and in writing by Snap, You agree not to use the name,
logo(s), or other identifying information or image of Snap (“**Snap
Marks**”) including in the Lenses. In the event Snap authorizes such use
under this Agreement, such use will inure solely to the benefit of Snap
and be revocable at any time by Snap in its sole discretion. In the
event that Snap grants such a request, You will adhere to the logo and
trademark usage guidelines of Snap provided or made available to You
when using Snap’s name, logo(s), or other identifying information or
image to the extent permitted herein.

15.     **ARBITRATION, CLASS-ACTION WAIVER, AND JURY WAIVER.**

a.      PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPHS CAREFULLY BECAUSE THEY
REQUIRE YOU AND SNAP TO AGREE TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN US THROUGH
BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION.

b.      <span class="underline">Applicability of Arbitration
Agreement</span>. You and Snap agree that all claims and disputes
(whether contract, tort, or otherwise), including all statutory claims
and disputes, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the use of
Lens Studio that cannot be resolved in small claims court will be
resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis, except that You
and Snap are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party
seeks equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights,
trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets, or patents. To be clear:
The phrase “all claims and disputes” also includes claims and disputes
that arose between us before the effective date of these Agreement.

c.      <span class="underline">Arbitration Rules</span>. The Federal
Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this
dispute-resolution provision. Arbitration will be initiated through the
American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and will be governed by the AAA
Consumer Arbitration Rules, available here as of the date of these
Agreement, or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. If the AAA is not
available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral
forum. The rules of the arbitral forum will govern all aspects of this
arbitration, except to the extent those rules conflict with these
Agreement. The arbitration will be conducted by a single neutral
arbitrator. Any claims or disputes where the total amount sought is less
than $10,000 USD may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based
arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief. For claims or
disputes where the total amount sought is $10,000 USD or more, the right
to a hearing will be determined by the arbitral forum’s rules. Any
judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any
court of competent jurisdiction.

d.      <span class="underline">Additional Rules for Non-appearance
Arbitration</span>. If non-appearance arbitration is elected, the
arbitration will be conducted by telephone, online, written submissions,
or any combination of the three; the specific manner will be chosen by
the party initiating the arbitration. The arbitration will not involve
any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless the parties
mutually agree otherwise.

e.      <span class="underline">Fees</span>. If You choose to arbitrate
with Snap, You will not have to pay any fees to do so. That is because
Snap will reimburse You for Your filing fee and the AAA’s Consumer
Arbitration Rules provide that any hearing fees and arbitrator
compensation are our responsibility. To the extent another arbitral
forum is selected, Snap will pay that forum’s fees as well.

f.      <span class="underline">Authority of the Arbitrator</span>. The
arbitrator will decide the jurisdiction of the arbitrator and the rights
and liabilities, if any, of You and Snap. The dispute will not be
consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or
parties. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant motions
dispositive of all or part of any claim or dispute. The arbitrator will
have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any
non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under law, the
arbitral forum’s rules, and the Agreement. The arbitrator will issue a
written award and statement of decision describing the essential
findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the
calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same
authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court
of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon
You and Snap.

g.      <span class="underline">Waiver of Jury Trial</span>. YOU AND
SNAP WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND
HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and Snap are instead
electing to have claims and disputes resolved by arbitration.
Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient, and
less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very
limited review by a court. In any litigation between You and Snap over
whether to vacate or enforce an arbitration award, YOU AND SNAP WAIVE
ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, and elect instead to have the dispute be
resolved by a judge.

h.      <span class="underline">Waiver of Class or Consolidated
Actions</span>. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL
BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS. CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER
CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF
ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. If, however, this waiver of class or
consolidated actions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither You nor
we are entitled to arbitration; instead all claims and disputes will be
resolved in a court as set forth in Section 16.

i.      <span class="underline">Right to Waive</span>. Any rights and
limitations set forth in this arbitration agreement may be waived by the
party against whom the claim is asserted. Such waiver will not waive or
affect any other portion of this arbitration agreement.

j.      <span class="underline">Opt-out</span>. You may opt out of this
arbitration agreement. If You do so, neither You nor Snap can force the
other to arbitrate. To opt out, You must notify Snap in writing no later
than 30 days after first becoming subject to this arbitration agreement.
Your notice must include Your name and address, Your Snapchat username
and the email address You used to set up Your Snapchat account (if You
have one), and an unequivocal statement that You want to opt out of this
arbitration agreement. You must either mail Your opt-out notice to this
address: Snap, ATTN: Arbitration Opt-out, 63 Market Street, Venice, CA
90291, or email the opt-out notice to arbitration-opt-out@snap.com.

k.      <span class="underline">Small Claims Court</span>.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either You or Snap may bring an
individual action in small claims court.

l.      <span class="underline">Using Lens Studio on behalf of another
Person, Entity, Organization, or Business</span>. If You are using Lens
Studio on behalf of another person, entity, organization, or business,
these arbitration provisions will apply, except that the AAA Commercial
Arbitration Rules will govern the arbitration instead of the AAA
Consumer Arbitration Rules.

m.      <span class="underline">Arbitration Agreement Survival</span>.
This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of Your
relationship with Snap.

16.     **GOVERNING LAW.** This Agreement will be construed in
accordance with, and all disputes hereunder will be governed by, the
laws of the State of California (except to the extent they are preempted
by U.S. federal law), without giving effect to any conflict-of-laws
principles that may provide for the application of the law of another
jurisdiction. The United Nations Convention on the International Sale of
Goods does not apply to this Agreement.

17.     **EXCLUSIVE VENUE.**  To the extent that this Agreement allows
You or Snap to initiate litigation in a court, You and Snap agree that
all claims and disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
including tort claims, will be litigated exclusively in the United
States District Court for the Central District of California. If that
court would lack original jurisdiction over the litigation, then the
Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, will be the
exclusive forum to resolve the litigation. You and Snap consent to the
personal jurisdiction of both courts.

18.     **FINAL TERMS.**

a.      If any provision of this Agreement is found unenforceable, then
that provision will be severed from this Agreement and not affect the
validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

b.      This Agreement does not create any relationship of association,
partnership, joint venture, or agency between the parties. Neither party
will have any right or authority to assume, create, or incur any
liability or obligation of any kind against or in the name of the other
party.

c.      No addition or modification of this Agreement by You will be
effective unless made in writing and signed by Snap.

d.      The failure of either party to enforce at any time, or for any
period of time, the provision hereof will not be construed to be a
waiver of such provisions or of the right of such party to enforce each
and every such provision.

e.      You may not assign this Agreement or any right, nor delegate any
obligation under this Agreement, without Snap’s prior written consent.
Snap may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in
whole or in part, to any party at any time without notice.

f.      The words “included,” “includes,” or “including” used in this
Agreement means “include, without limitation,” whether or not they are
in fact followed by those words or words of a similar nature.

g.      This Agreement is intended as the complete agreement between the
parties and will supersede all prior agreements (written or oral) with
respect to Your use of Lens Studio.

h.      This Agreement was written in English, and to the extent the
translated version of this Agreement conflicts with the English version,
the English version will control.

i.      Snap will not be responsible for any delay or failure to comply
with its obligations under this Agreement or for any failure of Lens
Studio if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond
Snap’s reasonable control.

j.      This Agreement does not create or confer any third-party
beneficiary rights.

k.      To the extent permitted by law, you waive any applicable
statutory or common-law right that may permit a contract to be construed
against its drafter.

l.      The section headings are for convenience only and will not
affect how this Agreement is construed.

m.      Snap reserves the right to modify, supplement, or add to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time and at Snap’s sole
discretion by posting an updated copy on our website (currently
available at http://lensstudio.snapchat.com/terms) or when Snap notifies
You by other means. Your continued access or use of Lens Studio
thereafter constitutes Your acceptance of such changes and this
Agreement, as modified.

Last Updated: December 14, 2017  
//////////

<span id="world" class="anchor"></span>

**SNAP GROUP LIMITED**

**LENS STUDIO LICENSE AGREEMENT**

Please read this Lens Studio License Agreement (this “**Agreement**”)
carefully before downloading, installing, accessing, or using Lens
Studio.  

This Agreement is a binding legal agreement between you (“**You**” or
“**Your**”) and Snap Group Limited (“Snap”).  By downloading,
installing, accessing, or using Lens Studio or by clicking on the
applicable button to download or install Lens Studio, You: (a) accept
delivery of Lens Studio; and (b) acknowledge and agree that You have
read, understood, and consent to, and are bound by, this Agreement. 

If You do not wish to be a party to this Agreement or if You do not
agree to all of the terms contained in this Agreement, do not download,
install, access, or use Lens Studio and uninstall and delete any copies.

ARBITRATION NOTICE: IF YOU’RE USING LENS STUDIO ON BEHALF OF A BUSINESS,
THEN YOUR BUSINESS WILL BE BOUND BY THE ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT
APPEARS LATER IN THIS AGREEMENT. 

1.      **GENERAL.**

a.      This Agreement governs Your use of: (i) Snap’s Lens Studio
software, and any other software and tools marked in an accompanying
file as being subject to this Agreement (collectively, the “**Lens
Software**”); and (ii) certain documentation relating to the Lens
Software, including, video tutorials and other information made
available to user on the Snap website, apps, or by any other means
(collectively, the “**Documentation**”), for the Term of this Agreement
as set out in Section 11 below or as otherwise specified by Snap in
writing. Snap may make the Lens Software and Documentation
(collectively, the “**Lens Studio**”) available via download or by any
other means at Snap’s sole discretion. This Agreement is effective as of
the date You download, install, access, or use Lens Studio (the
“**Effective Date**”).

b.      This Agreement will govern any upgrades, modifications, or
updates to Lens Studio provided by Snap to You.  An upgrade may be
accompanied by an updated version of this Agreement.  You must agree to
the updated version of this Agreement to be able to continue to use Lens
Studio.  If You do not agree to the updated Agreement, You must stop
using Lens Studio and uninstall and delete any copies.

c.      If you are downloading and using Lens Studio on behalf of any
other person, entity, organization, or business, the words “You” and
“Your” used throughout this Agreement apply to both You and the other
person, entity, organization or business, as applicable. You represent,
warrant, and covenant that You are an authorized representative of the
person, entity, organization, or business, with the authority to bind
such person, entity, organization, or business to this Agreement.

d.      You affirm that You are at least the age of “majority” where You
live and are competent and authorized to agree to and abide by this
Agreement. If You want to use the Lens Studio and are under the age of
majority, You must have Your parents’ or legal guardian’s valid
permission.  If You are the parent or legal guardian of a minor that
wants to download and use Lens Studio, You accept this Agreement on the
minor’s behalf and are responsible for all use of Lens Studio and any
Lenses.

2.      **RIGHT TO USE.** Subject to Your ongoing compliance with the
terms of this Agreement, Snap grants You a personal, worldwide,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable,
royalty-free, revocable, limited license to: (a) download and install a
reasonable number of copies of Lens Studio on desktop or laptop
computers owned or controlled by You in accordance with any technical or
other specifications detailed in the Documentation; and (b) use the
installed Lens Studio in the United States and such other territories as
authorized by Snap, for the sole purpose of: (i) developing a Lens or
Lenses as described in this Agreement including the Documentation;
and/or (ii) for any other purpose set out in writing by Snap
(collectively, the “**Limited Purpose**”). No other use or
redistribution of Lens Studio is allowed.  No other rights are provided
and Snap expressly reserves all rights not granted in this Agreement. 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Lens” or “Lenses” means
computer-generated video or graphic elements that individuals can use to
transform images or videos by altering or superimposing such elements on
images or videos. Snap reserves the right to modify, discontinue, limit,
suspend, or otherwise disable, temporarily or permanently,  any feature
or functionality of the Lens Software or Your access to Lens Studio or
any services to which it connects, with or without notice or liability
to You, in Snap’s sole discretion.

3.      **RESTRICTIONS ON USE.** You may not, and will not allow a third
party to: (a) copy, disclose, transfer, alter, modify, translate,
disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, or adapt Lens Studio (except
to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restrictions);
(b) defeat, avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or otherwise circumvent
any software protection mechanisms in Lens Studio, including any such
mechanism used to restrict or control the functionality of Lens Studio;
(c) derive the source code or the underlying ideas, algorithms,
structure, or organization from Lens Studio; (d) create derivative works
based on Lens Studio, or any portion of the Lens Studio; (e) copy,
reproduce, or use Lens Studio in any manner other than as provided in
this Agreement; (f) assign, sublicense, sell or resell, disclose,
exploit, distribute, or otherwise transfer Lens Studio in whole or in
part to any third party; or (g) remove or alter any of the proprietary
or copyright notices contained in any version of Lens Studio provided
under this Agreement. You will not use Lens Studio for the purpose of
identifying or providing evidence to support any potential patent
infringement claim against Snap or any affiliates of Snap. Any use of
Lens Studio beyond what is authorized in this Agreement is strictly
prohibited and will entitle Snap to immediately terminate the license
granted to You in this Agreement.

4.      **LENS DEVELOPMENT, SUBMISSION, AND LENS STUDIO OWNERSHIP.**

a.      You agree that in using Lens Studio and developing Lenses, You
will at all times comply with: (i) the terms of this Agreement; (ii) all
applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations; (iii) the
community guidelines made available by Snap on Snap’s website (currently
available at https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/a/guidelines) or as
otherwise made available by Snap (“**Community Guidelines**”); (iv) the
“Snap Group Limited Lens Studio Terms” made available by Snap on
Snap’s website (currently available at
https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/terms) or as otherwise made available by
Snap (“**Lens Studio Terms**”); (v) any submission guidelines made
available by Snap on its website or as otherwise provided by Snap to
You; and (vi) any other standards and guidelines made available by Snap
from time to time (collectively, (iii) through (vi) are referred to as
the “**Guidelines**”).

b.      Submission of your Lenses for use in any Snap apps, products,
services, or other media platform is subject to the Guidelines.

c.      Lens Studio is licensed, not sold, under this Agreement. Title,
ownership rights, and Intellectual Property Rights in and to Lens Studio
remain in (as applicable) Snap and its licensors and affiliates.  

5.      **THIRD PARTY TOOLS AND YOUR CONTENT.**

a.      You are responsible for (i) Your use of any third party
software, apps, or other tools not provided by Snap (collectively,
“**Third Party Tools**”), (ii) any content or materials (including
computer generated video, graphic elements, or sounds), whether or not
created by You, that You use in the Lenses, including any content or
materials created by You or obtained by You from a third-party source
(collectively, “**Your Content**”); and (iii) ensuring that You have all
necessary licenses and rights to use such Third Party Tools and Your
Content and that Your use of such Third Party Tools and Your Content is
in compliance with this Agreement and any applicable third party terms
and conditions between you and such third party.

b.      You represent, warrant, and covenant to Snap that: (i) You own
or have obtained all necessary rights and licences to use Your Content;
(ii) Your Content does not and will not violate or infringe any
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, service marks, patents, moral
rights, and any other proprietary, intellectual property and other
rights, including image and personality rights (collectively,
“**Intellectual Property Rights**”) of any third party; (iii) Your
Content is and will remain in compliance with the Guidelines; (iv) Your
use of Lens Studio, Third Party Tools, and Your Content will not result
in the transmission to Snap or into any Snap system or platform of any
“back door,” “time bomb,” “Trojan Horse,” “worm,” “drop dead device,”
“virus,” “spyware,” or “malware,” or any computer code or software
routine, which permits unauthorized access to, disables, damages,
erases, disrupts, or impairs the normal operation of, or use of any Snap
system or platform; and (v) You own or have obtained all necessary
rights and licenses in any Third Party Tools.

6.      **PRIVACY AND FEEDBACK.** 

a.      Your privacy matters to Snap. You can learn how Snap collects
and handles Your information when you use Lens Studio or our services by
reading Snap’s [Privacy Policy](https://www.snapchat.com/privacy/). By
downloading and using Lens Studio You agree that (i) Snap can collect,
use, and share information concerning Your use of Lens Studio as
described in our [Privacy Policy](https://www.snapchat.com/privacy/) and
any updates to that policy, and (ii) You have read and understood our
[Privacy Policy](https://www.snapchat.com/privacy/) and how Snap handles
Your information. You should periodically check our [Privacy
Policy](https://www.snapchat.com/privacy/) for any updates. 

b.      Snap welcomes comments, questions, concerns, or suggestions.
Please send feedback to us by visiting
[support.snapchat.com](https://support.snapchat.com) or email us at
<lensstudio-support@snap.com>.  By providing Snap any feedback,
suggestions, questions, comments, concerns, ideas, data, or other
information or materials (collectively, “**Feedback**”), You agree that
the Feedback is the sole property of Snap, Snap may use the Feedback
without compensating You, and Snap owns all Intellectual Property Rights
in such Feedback. To the extent permissible under law, You irrevocably
waive, and agree not to assert, any and all rights (including moral
rights) You may have to the Feedback. 

7.      **SUPPORT AND UPDATES.** You acknowledge that Snap has no
responsibility for providing You with any support, maintenance, update,
upgrade, or other enhancement for Lens Studio and that Snap is under no
obligation to create any update, upgrade, or enhancement to Lens Studio.

8.      **THIRD PARTY MATERIALS AND WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.**

a.      Lens Studio and any other materials provided by Snap are
provided “as is”.  Snap and its licensors, and their respective
affiliates and licensors, make no representations or warranties of any
kind, express or implied, with respect to Lens Studio or any output or
results based on the use of Lens Studio.  Snap and its licensors, and
their respective affiliates and licensors, disclaim all representations,
warranties, conditions, terms, undertakings and obligations implied by
statute, common law, custom, trade usage, course of dealing or
otherwise, including, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness
of a particular purpose, title, or infringement, and any implied
indemnity. 

IF THE LAW OF THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU LIVE DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSIONS
OF LIABILITY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS SECTION, THOSE EXCLUSIONS SHALL NOT
APPLY.

b.      Any equipment, software, or documentation from third parties
included in Lens Studio (“**Third Party Materials**”), and Your use of
any Third Party Materials, are subject to the terms, conditions, and
disclaimers provided by the applicable third party.  Snap and its
licensors, and their respective affiliates and licensors, assume no
responsibility for and make no warranty with respect to such Third Party
Materials. 

9.      **INDEMNIFICATION.** You will indemnify, defend, and hold
harmless Snap, its licensors, and affiliates, and their respective
directors, stockholders, officers, affiliates, employees, agents, and
licensors, from and against any and all liabilities, damages, costs, and
all associated expenses (including reasonable legal fees) from any
claims arising out of or on account of: (a) Your use of Lens Studio; (b)
an actual or alleged breach by You of this Agreement; (c) Your
negligence or willful misconduct; and (d) any actual or alleged
infringement of any Intellectual Property Rights by You, Your Content or
Your use of Lens Studio. These remedies are in addition to any other
remedies available to Snap at law or in equity.  

IF THE LAW OF THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU LIVE DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO GIVE THE
INDEMNITY IN THIS SECTION, THAT INDEMNITY WILL NOT APPLY.

10.     **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.**

a.      You may not use Lens Studio in a manner inconsistent with this
Agreement, the Documentation or any Guidelines. Neither Snap, nor its
licensors, nor their respective affiliates and licensors, will be liable
for any loss or claim related to, or resulting from, the misuse of Lens
Studio.  

b.      Snap or its licensors, or their affiliates or licensors, will
not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential,
punitive or multiple damages, or any loss of profits or revenues,
whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use,
goodwill or other intangible losses, resulting from: (i) Your use of or
inability to use Lens Studio; (ii) Your access or inability to access
Lens Studio or any connected services; (iii) the conduct or content of
other users or third parties on or through Lens Studio or that is
otherwise contained in Your Content; or (iv) unauthorized access, use,
or alteration of Your Content. In no event will the aggregate liability
of Snap or its licensors, or their affiliates or licensors, for all
claims relating to Lens Studio exceed €100.

IF THE LAW OF THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU LIVE DOES NOT ALLOW ANY LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS SECTION, THAT LIMITATION WILL NOT
APPLY.

11.     **CONSIDERATION, TERM, AND TERMINATION.**

a.      The term of this Agreement and the rights granted to You in this
Agreement to use Lens Studio begin on the Effective Date and will
continue until terminated as provided in this Agreement (the “Term”).
Snap may terminate this Agreement if You fail to comply with the terms
of this Agreement.  Snap will try to give You advance notice of such
termination, but Snap can’t guarantee it. You may terminate this
Agreement at any time by stopping Your use of Lens Studio and deleting
all copies from your computers. Snap may also terminate this Agreement
for any reason immediately by providing a notice (e-mail is acceptable)
of termination to You. 

b.      Upon termination of this Agreement, Your rights under this
Agreement will automatically terminate and You will immediately: (i)
discontinue all use of Lens Studio; and (ii) delete all copies of Lens
Studio embodied in any device or hardware within Your possession. You
will, if requested by Snap, certify in writing Your compliance with the
foregoing.

c.      Sections 3-18 will survive any termination of this Agreement.

12.     **EXPORT COMPLIANCE.**

a.      You represent and warrant that (i) neither You, nor, if You are
a business, any affiliated company, are included on any restricted party
list maintained by the United States, European Union, United Kingdom or
other relevant government authority – for example, the US Specially
Designated Nationals List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List, Denied
Parties List, Unverified List and Entity List, and the UK and EU
consolidated lists of persons and entities subject to financial
sanctions targets; (ii) You (if You are a business) are not owned or
controlled by such a restricted party; and (iii) You are not resident
in, located in or organised under the laws of any country with which
trade is prohibited by the sanctions described above.

b.      Lens Studio may be subject to import and export laws and
regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international import
and export laws, customs laws, regulations that apply in connection with
Lens Studio, including restrictions on destinations, users and end use.

13.     **NOTICES.** All notices You send to Snap or that Snap sends to
You related to this Agreement must be in writing, sent to the address
below, and will be considered delivered and effective: (a) when
personally delivered; (b) when delivered by an internationally
recognized mail service (e.g., Federal Express), overnight courier, or
certified or registered mail, postage pre-paid, return receipt
requested; or (c) for notices sent to You, on the date transmitted to
Your email address. Send all notices to Snap  (unless otherwise
instructed in writing by Snap) to: Snap Group Limited, Attn: Director of
Legal, 7-11 Lexington Street, London W1F 9AF,  United Kingdom. Snap will
send notices to You to the e-mail address You provided in Your Snapchat
account.

14.     **SNAP’S NAME AND MARKS.** Unless otherwise expressly approved
in advance and in writing by Snap, You agree not to use the name,
logo(s), or other identifying information or image of Snap (“**Snap
Marks**”) including in the Lenses. In the event Snap authorizes such use
under this Agreement, such use will inure solely to the benefit of Snap
and be revocable at any time by Snap in its sole discretion. In the
event that Snap grants such a request, You will adhere to the logo and
trademark usage guidelines of Snap provided or made available to You
when using Snap’s name, logo(s), or other identifying information or
image.

15.     **DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION.**

a.      If You are using Lens Studio on behalf of a business (rather
than for Your personal use), You and Snap agree that to the extent
permitted by law, all claims and disputes between us arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or the use of Lens Studio will be finally
settled under the [LCIA Arbitration
Rules](http://www.lcia.org/Dispute_Resolution_Services/lcia-arbitration-rules-2014.aspx),
which are incorporated by reference into this Section. There will be one
arbitrator (to be appointed by the LCIA), the arbitration will take
place in London, and the arbitration will be conducted in English. If
You do not wish to agree to this Section, you must not use Lens Studio.

b.      If You live in the European Union and are a consumer, click
[here](https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/) to visit the EU Commission’s
Online Dispute Resolution Platform.

16.     **EXCLUSIVE VENUE. ** To the extent the parties are permitted
under this Agreement to initiate litigation in a court, both You and
Snap agree that all claims and disputes (whether contractual or
otherwise) arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the use of
Lens Studio will be litigated exclusively in the courts of England in
the United Kingdom, unless this is prohibited by the laws of the country
where You live.  You and Snap consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of
those courts.

17.     **GOVERNING LAW.** The laws of England and Wales govern this
Agreement and any claims and disputes (whether contractual or otherwise)
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its subject matter. The
courts in some countries may not apply the laws of England and Wales to
some disputes related to this Agreement. If You live in one of those
countries, the laws of Your home country may apply to those disputes.

18.     **FINAL TERMS.**

a.      If You are a consumer, nothing in this Agreement will affect
Your legal rights and remedies under mandatory consumer laws of the
country where You live. 

b.      If any provision of this Agreement is found unenforceable, then
that provision will be severed from this Agreement and not affect the
validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

c.      This Agreement does not create any relationship of association,
partnership, joint venture, or agency between the parties. Neither party
will have any right or authority to assume, create, or incur any
liability or obligation of any kind against or in the name of the other
party.

d.      No addition or modification of this Agreement by You will be
effective unless made in writing and signed by Snap.

e.      The failure of either party to enforce at any time, or for any
period of time, the provision hereof will not be construed to be a
waiver of such provisions or of the right of such party to enforce each
and every such provision.

f.      You may not assign this Agreement or any right, nor delegate any
obligation under this Agreement, without Snap’s prior written consent.
Snap may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in
whole or in part, to any party at any time without notice.

g.      The words “included,” “includes,” or “including” used in this
Agreement means “include, without limitation,” whether or not they are
in fact followed by those words or words of a similar nature.

h.      This Agreement is intended as the complete agreement between the
parties and will supersede all prior agreements (written or oral) with
respect to Your use of Lens Studio.

i.      This Agreement was written in English, and to the extent the
translated version of this Agreement conflicts with the English version,
the English version will control.

j.      Snap will not be responsible for any delay or failure to comply
with its obligations under this Agreement or for any failure of Lens
Studio if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond
Snap’s reasonable control.

k.      This Agreement does not create or confer any third-party
beneficiary rights.

l.      To the extent permitted by law, you waive any applicable
statutory or common-law right that may permit a contract to be construed
against its drafter.

m.      The section headings are for convenience only and will not
affect how this Agreement is construed.  

n.      Snap reserves the right to modify, supplement, or add to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time and at Snap’s sole
discretion by posting an updated copy on our website (currently
available at http://lensstudio.snapchat.com/terms) or when Snap notifies
You by other means. Your continued access or use of Lens Studio
thereafter constitutes Your acceptance of such changes and this
Agreement, as modified.

Last Updated: December 14, 2017  
////////////

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
