# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [Face](/guides/face)
  - [Face Effects](/guides/face/face-effects)
  - Face Retouch

# Face Retouch

The `Face Retouch` object offers a number of features to retouch the
user's face. These features include Soft Skin, Teeth Whitening, Eye
Sharpening and Eye Whitening. The `Face Retouch` object works best when
subtly applied to the face.

## Create the Retouch

To create a `Face Retouch` effect, first click the `Add New` button in
the `Objects` panel. Then, select `Face Effects -> Face Retouch`.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/face_retouch_add_new.png)

## Visualize the Retouch

The `Face Retouch` object is a 2D object. Adding a new Face
Retouch automatically opens the `2D Scene View` in the Scene Panel to
visualize the Face Retouch effect.   

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/face_retouch_2d_scene_view.png)

## Retouch Settings

Once added, you should see a new `Face Retouch` object in
your `Objects` panel. Select it to configure the `Face
Retouch` features in the `Inspector` panel. Each `Retouch` feature has
an `Enabled` boolean, which when checked enables the effect.
Additionally, each `Face Retouch` feature has an `Intensity` slider,
which determines how intense the effect is when applied to the face. Try
to use low intensities to produce a more subtle effect.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/retouch_inspector.png)

  - **Face Index** - Which face the effect will apply to. The first face
    in the scene is 0; the second face in the scene is 1
  - **Soft Skin** - This feature softens the skin producing a somewhat
    blurred effect on the face. Great for subtle removal of wrinkles and
    blemishes. The Soft Skin effect also offers a configurable blur
    radius. The higher radius is set, the more dramatic the blur will be
  - **Teeth Whitening** - Whitens the user's teeth when they open their
    mouth
  - **Eye Sharpening** - Sharpens the pupils of the user's eyes
    producing a much crisper reflection
  - **Eye Whitening** - Whitens the white of a user's eyes which helps
    accentuate the pupils

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
