# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [Face](/guides/face)
  - [Face Effects](/guides/face/face-effects)
  - Face Liquify

# Face Liquify

The `Face Liquify` effect spherically warps the face. You are able to
configure how big and how intense the effect is. The `Face
Liquify` object is perfect for making funny or exaggerated faces.

## Create the Liquify

To create a `Face Liquify` object, first click the `Add New` button in
the `Objects` panel. Then, select `Face Effects -> Face Liquify`.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/face_liquify_add_new.png)

## Adjust the Liquify

The `Face Liquify` object is a 2D object. Adding a new Face Liquify
automatically opens the `2D Scene` view in the Scene Panel to visually
edit the Face Liquify. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/face_liquify_2d_scene_view.png)

Adding a new Face Liquify object automatically adds a pair of symmetric
liquify points. With the Face Liquify object selected, you'll see two
circle widgets in the Scene panel which represents the two newly added
liquify points.  The circle is the area of influence for the `Face
Liquify` warp effect. Position the circle to where you want the effect
applied to the face. If you move the circle near the eyes or the mouth,
it will automatically snap to the perfect center of those
facial features.   

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/face_liquify_point_editor.gif)

**Note  
**Moving one liquify point will symmetrically move the other liquify
point in the same pair. Increasing the intensity and radius of one will
also change the intensity and radius of the other. 

With the `Face Liquify` object selected, you can add a new pair
of liquify points by doubling clicking anywhere on the face in the 2D
Scene view. If you check the `Symmetrical Mode` button under the 2D
editor, the new pair of liquify points will be a symmetrical pair.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/face_liquify_double_click_add_symmetrical_points.gif)

You can add a single liquify point by using the `New Liquify Point`
button under the 2D editor, with the `Symmetrical Mode` button
unchecked. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/face_liquify_new_single_point.gif)

## Liquify Settings

Each `Liquify Point` object has two settings that can be configured in
the `Inspector` panel. Select the `Liquify Point` object by expanding
the `Face Liquify` object parent and selecting one of the children
objects.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/liquify_component.png)

  - **Radius** - How large the circle of influence is
  - **Intensity** - The strength of the warp effect. Note, a coefficient
    that's less than 1 will warp inwards like a black hole

Alternatively, you can also configure the radius and intensity of the
selected liquify points (highlighted in blue) in the 2D Scene view under
the 2D editor. 

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
