# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [Face](/guides/face)
  - [Face Effects](/guides/face/face-effects)
  - Face Image Picker Texture

# Face Image Picker Texture

The Face Image Picker Texture resource allows you to get an image from
your device's camera roll centered around a face. It can be used to
apply the face of a person saved to your camera roll to a 3D object in
your Lens scene. The texture is very similar to [Face
Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture) but is driven by the
device's camera roll instead of the live camera. In fact, if you have a
project that's already using Face Texture, simply replacing that texture
with a Face Image Picker Texture will upgrade it to a from camera roll
experience. 

As long as the Face Image Picker texture is being used in the scene,
Snapchat will automatically show an interface allowing the user to pick
from their camera roll. If you want a texture from the device's camera
roll not centered on a face, refer to the [Image Picker
Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture) guide. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/face_image_picker_example.gif)

For the most common use case of applying a Face Image Picker texture to
a 3D animated world object, we recommend using the [Face Image Picker
Template](/templates/world/face-image-picker).   

## Create the Face Image Picker Texture

To create a Face Image Picker Texture resource, select `Add New -> Face
From Image Picker` in the `Resources` panel. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/face_image_picker_add_new.png)

This will create a texture that you can now utilize like any other
texture resource. It can be applied to a material texture field, added
to a sprite, added to a billboard and more. As long as it is being
utilized by the Lens, the UI to select from the device's camera roll
will automatically appear to the user.   

**Warning**  
Lens Studio only supports using either a [Face Image Picker
Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture) OR an
[Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture) in your project.
You can't use both. When trying to add both in the `Resources` panel,
Lens Studio will show an error and prevent you from adding. Note, you
can add multiple Face Image Picker Textures which will allow you to use
multiple textures for different parts of the selected face. 

## Face Image Picker Texture Settings

With the Face Image Picker Texture resource selected, you'll see the
following settings used to configure the resource in the `Inspector`
panel:

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/face_image_picker_settings.png)

  - **Show On Start **- If disabled, the UI for the Face Image Picker
    will not automatically appear and must be activated via script 
  - **Crop to Face **- When enabled, the image will be cropped to the
    face in the photo. When disabled, the image will be the entire
    source image (not cropped)
  - **Face Region** - The area of the face this texture is centered to
  - **Scale** - The UV Scale of the face texture. You can decrease these
    values to zoom in on the face and increase these values to zoom out

## Add the Face Image Picker Mesh

The [Face Image Picker Template](/templates/world/face-image-picker)
includes a 3D mesh that is already textured with the Face Image Picker
texture. For use outside of the template, you can download the mesh
below. 

### [Download: Face Image Picker Mesh](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/files/face_image_picker_mesh.lso.zip)

Once downloaded and unzipped, import the `.lso` into your project. To do
this, right click in the `Objects` panel and select `Import Object`. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/face_image_picker_import_object.png)

When imported, a `FaceMesh` object will appear in the `Objects` panel.
Position, rotate and scale the FaceMesh so that it aligns with where you
want your camera roll driven face.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/face_image_picker_position.gif)

If you have a character you'd like to add the face to, drag and drop
the `FaceMesh` object to be a child of the character so that it moves
with the character's movement.

**Note**  
The FaceMesh object that you imported is already setup with a Face Image
Picker texture and material. If you're using this object, you don't need
to create your own Face Image Picker Texture. 

## Preview Face Image Picker

When a Face Image Picker Texture is used in your Lens, a UI will
automatically appear in Snapchat allowing you to select from faces in
your device's camera roll. You can preview this functionality within
Lens Studio by enabling the `Show Snapchat UI` button in the bottom left
corner of the `Preview` panel. When enabled, you'll see the same face
picker interface used in Snapchat pre-filled with the Lens Studio
models. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/face_image_picker_show_ui_button.png)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/face_image_picker_preview_ui.png)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
