# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

# Expanding Camera Creativity

Apr 17, 2018

**You Dreamed It. You Created It.**

Last December, we launched Lens Studio and shared a short,
do-it-yourself overview video. What happened next went beyond anything
we had imagined.  

In less than two months, 30,000 Lenses were submitted by artists around
the world. Today, your Lenses have been viewed more than one billion
times, and played with for more than 2 million hours\!

In short, you did it. You created the world’s first community of
augmented reality artists and users. And this is just the beginning.

We created Snapchat because we believed that the smartphone camera is
the fastest and most expressive way to share your unique point of view.
With the camera, you could express yourself not just with words, but
with images, stickers, videos, doodles, and more — redefining
communication in a world that sometimes feels less connected than ever.

We created Lenses for the same purpose — not to “bring augmented reality
to the masses,” but simply to empower creativity in a totally new way.
We’ve been thrilled by the imaginative ideas and experiences you’ve
brought to Lenses, and wanted to offer a little peek into our thinking
going forward  

✓ **It’s Not About the Technology**.  Snapchatters use Lenses to create
and share experiences with their friends. The underlying technology
should exist behind the scenes. When we can remove the friction from
creativity by making pretty advanced tools fun and easy to use, we can
inspire people and help bring their ideas to life.

✓ **Our Community Will Drive the Future**.  Creatives, artists, and
everyday users push augmented reality in ways we never imagined. You are
the ultimate end-users, after all, and we will listen and watch how you
currently use Lens Studio — and how you *want* to use it.

✓ **It’s Just the Beginning**.  For the first time, we are seeing
augmented reality experiences that are truly engaging. But we are still
at the earliest stages of discovery. Creativity has become a fixture of
the mobile experience, and it will only grow as people find new ways to
express themselves on their phones — and eventually other kinds of
hardware, too. Empowering our community to unlock their creativity will
push all of this forward.  

We can’t wait to see what you will create next\!

Team Lens Studio  

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
