# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

# Introducing Lens Previews for Lens Explorer

Jul 12, 2018

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Lens_Explorer_EN.jpg)

Starting today you can add previews of your Lenses in My Lenses\! These
previews will appear in Snapchat as part of the new feature, Lens
Explorer.  

Lens Explorer began rolling out to iOS users last week and provides an
easier way to discover and unlock thousands of Lenses built by Lens
Creators around the world\!

To begin browsing in Lens Explorer, just tap the new icon that appears
when the Lens Carousel is active. Tap a Lens tile to unlock a Lens and
be taken directly to the Snap Camera, or browse Lenses in featured
Stories. Unlock a Lens by swiping up on Snaps in these Stories.

By adding a preview to your Lenses you give your creations a better
chance of being featured in Lens Explorer and being seen by millions\!
For tips on creating the perfect preview, [check out this
guide](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video/).

Happy creating,

Team Lens Studio

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
