# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

# Introducing Lens Studio 1.7

Oct 18, 2018

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Gif_Ttiptych_1.gif)

We’re excited to announce a new update to Lens Studio\! This version
includes new features and templates requested by the community — now
there are even more types of Lenses to create and share with
Snapchatters\!  

**Template Overview**

  - ***Segmentation: ***Replace a portion of the camera with an image,
    tiled image, or post effect
    coloring. [Learn More](/templates/face/segmentation) | [](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1lwtyElztNg70TrEblII6HjXxRXNG4nNa)[Try
    Lens](https://www.snapchat.com/unlock/?type=SNAPCODE&uuid=50cb2ee6bec448abaa03ed7bf0a7988d&metadata=01) 
  - ***Face Image Picker:*** Select a photo from your camera roll and
    attach it to a world object\!
     [Learn More](/templates/world/face-image-picker) | [Try
    Lens](https://www.snapchat.com/unlock/?type=SNAPCODE&uuid=e07451cbcd51491cb3932c264893bf50&metadata=01) 
  - ***Marker:*** Build experiences uniquely tied to a specific image,
    adding an additional layer of context to the Lens.
    [Learn More](/templates/marker/marker) | [Try
    Lens](https://youtu.be/Cyiu2vTkipM) 
  - ***Marker with Snapcode:*** Unlock a marker experience directly from
    a Snapcode. [Learn More](/templates/marker/marker-with-snapcode)

Be sure to also check out [Audio Effects](/guides/audio-effect),
[Labels](/guides/2d/text) and [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs) for
even more ways to push your Lenses. For a full list of all the updates,
check out our [Release Notes](/download).   

We can’t wait to see what you come up with. If you run into issues or
want to share your Lens, be sure to visit the
[forum](https://lensstudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)\!

Happy creating,

Team Lens Studio

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
