# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

# Introducing Lens Studio 2.0

Apr 04, 2019

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SPS_News_triptych.gif)  

Since the launch of Lens Studio in December 2017, millions of people
from across the globe have played with Lenses made by our community.
Today at [Snap Partner
Summit](https://www.snap.com/en-US/news/post/snap-partner-summit-the-future-of-lenses),
we announced even more ways for creators to make their mark on the
world\!

**  
**

**New Templates**

Your creations, now in more locations\! Transform pets, hands,
bodies, and even iconic landmarks across the world. For a full list of
new templates and capabilities, see the [release notes](/download).*  
*

  - ****[*Landmarkers (Beta):*](/templates/landmarker)**** Redesign the
    Eiffel Tower, Buckingham Palace, and more with your own AR
    creations.*  
    *
  - *****[Pet Tracking:](/templates/object/pet)*** Level up your cats
    and dogs\!*  
    *
  - *****[Hand Tracking:](/templates/object/hand)*** Make Lenses that
    activate with the flick of a wrist, or trails of sparkles that flow
    from your fingers.
  - ***[Body Tracking:](/templates/object/body)* **Level up your moves
    with Lenses that follow your upper body\!
  - ***[High Score:](/templates/interactive/high-score)* **Build Lenses
    that can store previous activity — like games that keep high
    scores\!

**  
**

**Additional Features**

Make every creation more powerful. Try new visual effects, helpful UI
components, and elements that make Lenses even more personalized to your
users\!

  - ***UI 2.0:* **We’ve completely revamped our systems for rendering 2D
    images and text to the screen. Now, 2D elements automatically adapt
    to different screen resolutions and Snapchat UI — without writing
    any script.
  - ***Screen Effects Library:* **Try new full-screen visual effects —
    like Analog TV, Camera Distortion, Chromatic Aberration, Shake, and
    VHS.
  - ***Persistent Storage:* **Now, users can pick up right where they
    left off when they play with your Lenses — so you can build
    experiences that save high scores, keep unlocked content, and more\!
  - ***Live & Capture Targets:* **Add buttons and helper hints that help
    Snapchatters use your Lens. These elements disappear when a Snap is
    recorded\!
  - ***User Context System:* **Make Lenses that customize according to
    real-time, user-specific info — including name, city, time, weather,
    temperature, and even birthday\!
  - ***Device Simulation:* **Pop out the Preview panel to reveal
    realistic renders and screen simulations for all kinds of devices.

****

**  
**

**Coming Soon: Lens Creator Profiles**

We’re excited to introduce Lens Creator Profiles — a new place to build
an audience and showcase all your Lenses\! Profiles will continue to
roll out to all creators soon, so be sure to keep an eye out.

**  
**

**Forum Update**

We’ve re-designed the [Lens Studio
Forum](https://lensstudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/community/topics) and
improved the search function. Find all the answers you need — or submit
your own and become a top contributor\!

  

Happy creating\!

Team Lens Studio

  

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
