# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - Classes
      - [AnimatedTextureFileProvider](/api/classes/AnimatedTextureFileProvider)
      - [Animation](/api/classes/Animation)
      - [AnimationClip.PostInfinity](/api/classes/AnimationClip_PostInfinity)
      - [AnimationClip.RangeType](/api/classes/AnimationClip_RangeType)
      - [AnimationLayer](/api/classes/AnimationLayer)
      - [AnimationMixer](/api/classes/AnimationMixer)
      - [AnimationMixerLayer](/api/classes/AnimationMixerLayer)
      - [AnimationTrack](/api/classes/AnimationTrack)
      - [Asset](/api/classes/Asset)
      - [AttachmentPointType](/api/classes/AttachmentPointType)
      - [AudioComponent](/api/classes/AudioComponent)
      - [AudioEffectAsset](/api/classes/AudioEffectAsset)
      - [AudioEffectComponent](/api/classes/AudioEffectComponent)
      - [AudioEffectProvider](/api/classes/AudioEffectProvider)
      - [AudioTrackAsset](/api/classes/AudioTrackAsset)
      - [BinAsset](/api/classes/BinAsset)
      - [BlendShapesVisual](/api/classes/BlendShapesVisual)
      - [BrowsLoweredEvent](/api/classes/BrowsLoweredEvent)
      - [BrowsRaisedEvent](/api/classes/BrowsRaisedEvent)
      - [BrowsReturnedToNormalEvent](/api/classes/BrowsReturnedToNormalEvent)
      - [Camera](/api/classes/Camera)
      - [Camera.DepthBufferMode](/api/classes/Camera_DepthBufferMode)
      - [Camera.DeviceProperty](/api/classes/Camera_DeviceProperty)
      - [Camera.Type](/api/classes/Camera_Type)
      - [CameraBackEvent](/api/classes/CameraBackEvent)
      - [CameraFrontEvent](/api/classes/CameraFrontEvent)
      - [ClearDepth](/api/classes/ClearDepth)
      - [Component](/api/classes/Component)
      - [CullMode](/api/classes/CullMode)
      - [DelayedCallbackEvent](/api/classes/DelayedCallbackEvent)
      - [DeviceLocationTrackingComponent](/api/classes/DeviceLocationTrackingComponent)
      - [DeviceTracking](/api/classes/DeviceTracking)
      - [DeviceTrackingMode](/api/classes/DeviceTrackingMode)
      - [DropshadowSettings](/api/classes/DropshadowSettings)
      - [EyeColorVisual](/api/classes/EyeColorVisual)
      - [FaceFoundEvent](/api/classes/FaceFoundEvent)
      - [FaceImagePickerTextureProvider](/api/classes/FaceImagePickerTextureProvider)
      - [FaceInsetRegion](/api/classes/FaceInsetRegion)
      - [FaceInsetVisual](/api/classes/FaceInsetVisual)
      - [FaceLostEvent](/api/classes/FaceLostEvent)
      - [FaceMaskVisual](/api/classes/FaceMaskVisual)
      - [FaceStretchVisual](/api/classes/FaceStretchVisual)
      - [FaceTextureProvider](/api/classes/FaceTextureProvider)
      - [FaceTrackingEvent](/api/classes/FaceTrackingEvent)
      - [FileTextureProvider](/api/classes/FileTextureProvider)
      - [FloatAnimationTrack](/api/classes/FloatAnimationTrack)
      - [FloatAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/FloatAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [FloatBezierAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/FloatBezierAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [Font](/api/classes/Font)
      - [GeneralDataStore](/api/classes/GeneralDataStore)
      - [Gyroscope](/api/classes/Gyroscope)
      - [Head](/api/classes/Head)
      - [HintsComponent](/api/classes/HintsComponent)
      - [HorizontalOverflow](/api/classes/HorizontalOverflow)
      - [IEventParameters](/api/classes/IEventParameters)
      - [Image](/api/classes/Image)
      - [ImagePickerTextureProvider](/api/classes/ImagePickerTextureProvider)
      - [IntAnimationTrack](/api/classes/IntAnimationTrack)
      - [IntStepAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/IntStepAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [IntStepNoLerpAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/IntStepNoLerpAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [KissFinishedEvent](/api/classes/KissFinishedEvent)
      - [KissStartedEvent](/api/classes/KissStartedEvent)
      - [Label](/api/classes/Label)
      - [LateUpdateEvent](/api/classes/LateUpdateEvent)
      - [LayerSet](/api/classes/LayerSet)
      - [LightSource](/api/classes/LightSource)
      - [LiquifyVisual](/api/classes/LiquifyVisual)
      - [LocalizationSystem](/api/classes/LocalizationSystem)
      - [LocationProximityStatus](/api/classes/LocationProximityStatus)
      - [LookAtComponent](/api/classes/LookAtComponent)
      - [LookAtComponent.AimVectors](/api/classes/LookAtComponent_AimVectors)
      - [LookAtComponent.WorldUpVector](/api/classes/LookAtComponent_WorldUpVector)
      - [ManipulateComponent](/api/classes/ManipulateComponent)
      - [ManipulateEndEvent](/api/classes/ManipulateEndEvent)
      - [ManipulateFrameIntersectResult](/api/classes/ManipulateFrameIntersectResult)
      - [ManipulateStartEvent](/api/classes/ManipulateStartEvent)
      - [ManipulateType](/api/classes/ManipulateType)
      - [MarkerAsset](/api/classes/MarkerAsset)
      - [MarkerProvider](/api/classes/MarkerProvider)
      - [MarkerTrackingComponent](/api/classes/MarkerTrackingComponent)
      - [mat2](/api/classes/mat2)
      - [mat3](/api/classes/mat3)
      - [mat4](/api/classes/mat4)
      - [Material](/api/classes/Material)
      - [MeshBuilder](/api/classes/MeshBuilder)
      - [MeshIndexType](/api/classes/MeshIndexType)
      - [MeshTopology](/api/classes/MeshTopology)
      - [MeshVisual](/api/classes/MeshVisual)
      - [MouthClosedEvent](/api/classes/MouthClosedEvent)
      - [MouthOpenedEvent](/api/classes/MouthOpenedEvent)
      - [ObjectPrefab](/api/classes/ObjectPrefab)
      - [ObjectTracking](/api/classes/ObjectTracking)
      - [OutlineSettings](/api/classes/OutlineSettings)
      - [Pass](/api/classes/Pass)
      - [PersistentStorageSystem](/api/classes/PersistentStorageSystem)
      - [PinToMeshComponent](/api/classes/PinToMeshComponent)
      - [PinToMeshComponent.Orientation](/api/classes/PinToMeshComponent_Orientation)
      - [PostEffectVisual](/api/classes/PostEffectVisual)
      - [ProceduralMeshRenderObjectProvider](/api/classes/ProceduralMeshRenderObjectProvider)
      - [quat](/api/classes/quat)
      - [QuaternionAnimationTrack](/api/classes/QuaternionAnimationTrack)
      - [QuaternionAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/QuaternionAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [QuaternionAnimationTrackXYZEuler](/api/classes/QuaternionAnimationTrackXYZEuler)
      - [Rect](/api/classes/Rect)
      - [RenderMesh](/api/classes/RenderMesh)
      - [RenderObjectProvider](/api/classes/RenderObjectProvider)
      - [RenderTargetProvider](/api/classes/RenderTargetProvider)
      - [Resource](/api/classes/Resource)
      - [RetouchVisual](/api/classes/RetouchVisual)
      - [RotationOptions](/api/classes/RotationOptions)
      - [SceneEvent](/api/classes/SceneEvent)
      - [SceneObject](/api/classes/SceneObject)
      - [SceneObjectEvent](/api/classes/SceneObjectEvent)
      - [ScreenRegionComponent](/api/classes/ScreenRegionComponent)
      - [ScreenRegionType](/api/classes/ScreenRegionType)
      - [ScreenTransform](/api/classes/ScreenTransform)
      - [ScriptComponent](/api/classes/ScriptComponent)
      - [ScriptObject](/api/classes/ScriptObject)
      - [ScriptScene](/api/classes/ScriptScene)
      - [SegmentationModel](/api/classes/SegmentationModel)
      - [SegmentationTextureProvider](/api/classes/SegmentationTextureProvider)
      - [SerializableWithUID](/api/classes/SerializableWithUID)
      - [Skin](/api/classes/Skin)
      - [SmileFinishedEvent](/api/classes/SmileFinishedEvent)
      - [SmileStartedEvent](/api/classes/SmileStartedEvent)
      - [SnapcodeMarkerProvider](/api/classes/SnapcodeMarkerProvider)
      - [SpriteAligner](/api/classes/SpriteAligner)
      - [SpriteVisual](/api/classes/SpriteVisual)
      - [StretchMode](/api/classes/StretchMode)
      - [SurfaceOptions](/api/classes/SurfaceOptions)
      - [SurfaceTrackingResetEvent](/api/classes/SurfaceTrackingResetEvent)
      - [TapEvent](/api/classes/TapEvent)
      - [Text](/api/classes/Text)
      - [TextFill](/api/classes/TextFill)
      - [TextFillMode](/api/classes/TextFillMode)
      - [TextProvider](/api/classes/TextProvider)
      - [Texture](/api/classes/Texture)
      - [TextureProvider](/api/classes/TextureProvider)
      - [TouchComponent](/api/classes/TouchComponent)
      - [TouchDataProvider](/api/classes/TouchDataProvider)
      - [TouchEndEvent](/api/classes/TouchEndEvent)
      - [TouchMoveEvent](/api/classes/TouchMoveEvent)
      - [TouchStartEvent](/api/classes/TouchStartEvent)
      - [Transform](/api/classes/Transform)
      - [TurnOffEvent](/api/classes/TurnOffEvent)
      - [TurnOnEvent](/api/classes/TurnOnEvent)
      - [UpdateEvent](/api/classes/UpdateEvent)
      - [UserContextSystem](/api/classes/UserContextSystem)
      - [vec2](/api/classes/vec2)
      - [Vec2AnimationTrack](/api/classes/Vec2AnimationTrack)
      - [Vec2AnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/Vec2AnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [vec3](/api/classes/vec3)
      - [Vec3AnimationTrack](/api/classes/Vec3AnimationTrack)
      - [Vec3AnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/Vec3AnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [Vec3AnimationTrackXYZ](/api/classes/Vec3AnimationTrackXYZ)
      - [vec4](/api/classes/vec4)
      - [Vec4AnimationTrack](/api/classes/Vec4AnimationTrack)
      - [Vec4AnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/Vec4AnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [vec4b](/api/classes/vec4b)
      - [VertexCache](/api/classes/VertexCache)
      - [VerticalOverflow](/api/classes/VerticalOverflow)
      - [VideoStatus](/api/classes/VideoStatus)
      - [VideoTextureProvider](/api/classes/VideoTextureProvider)
      - [Visual](/api/classes/Visual)
      - [WeatherCondition](/api/classes/WeatherCondition)
  - [Assets](/api/Assets)
  - [Components](/api/Components)
  - [Events](/api/Events)
  - [Global Methods](/api/GlobalMethods)
  - [Global Properties](/api/GlobalProperties)
  - [Scripting Input Types](/api/InputTypes)
  - [Shader Properties](/api/ShaderProperties)

<!-- end list -->

  - [API](/api)
  - [Classes](/api/classes)
  - AnimationMixer

# AnimationMixer

Lens Studio **v1.0.0+**

Scripting Name: `Component.AnimationMixer`

Inherits from [Component](/api/classes/Component)

## Description

Controls playback of animations on the attached
[SceneObject](/api/classes/SceneObject) and its child objects. Please
refer to the [Playing 3D Animation
Guide](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation) for setting up and
playing animations.

## Methods

-----

### `cloneLayer(String name, String newName)` : [`AnimationMixerLayer`](/api/classes/AnimationMixerLayer)

Makes a copy of the layer `name` and stores it as `newName`.

-----

### `createClip(String name)` : [`AnimationMixerLayer`](/api/classes/AnimationMixerLayer)

Adds a new AnimationMixerLayer to this AnimationMixer.

-----

### `getAnimationLayerNames()` : `String[]`

Returns a list of names of AnimationLayers in this AnimationMixer.

-----

### `getLayer(String name)` : [`AnimationMixerLayer`](/api/classes/AnimationMixerLayer)

Returns the AnimationMixerLayer with the name `name`.

-----

### `getLayers()` : [`AnimationMixerLayer`](/api/classes/AnimationMixerLayer)\[\]

Returns a list of all AnimationMixerLayers controlled by the
AnimationMixer.

-----

### `getLayerTime(String name)` : `Number`

Returns the current time (in seconds) of the layer named `name`.

-----

### `pause(String name)` : `void`

Pauses animation layers named `name`, or all layers if `name` is empty.

-----

### `resetAnimations()` : `void`

Rebuild the animation hierarchy by finding all
[Animation](/api/classes/Animation) components in the SceneObject and
its children.

-----

### `resume(String name)` : `void`

Resumes any paused animation layer with name `name`, or all layers if
`name` is empty.

-----

### `setWeight(String name, Number weight)` : `void`

Sets the weight of any layers with name `name`.

-----

### `start(String name, Number offset, Number cycles)` : `void`

Starts playing animation layers named `name`, or all layers if `name` is
empty. The animation will start with an offset of `offset` seconds. The
animation will play `cycles` times, or loop forever if `cycles` is -1.

-----

### `startWithCallback(String name, Number offset, Number cycles, function eventCallback)` : `void`

Starts playing animation layers named `name`, or all layers if `name` is
empty. The animation will start with an offset of `offset` seconds. The
animation will play `cycles` times, or loop forever if `cycles` is -1.
`eventCallback` will be called after any animation layer finishes
playing.

-----

### `stop(String name)` : `void`

Stops any animation layer with name `name`, or all layers if `name` is
empty.

## Properties

-----

### `autoplay` : `Boolean`

Whether this AnimationMixer is set to automatically play animations on
start.

-----

### `speedRatio` : `Number`

A multiplying value for the speed of all animations being controlled by
the AnimationMixer. For example, a value of 2.0 will double animation
speed, while a value of 0.5 will cut the speed in half.

## Inherited Methods

-----

### `destroy()` : `void`

Destroys the component.

-----

### `getSceneObject()` : [`SceneObject`](/api/classes/SceneObject)

Returns the SceneObject the component is attached to.

-----

### `getTransform()` : [`Transform`](/api/classes/Transform)

Returns the Transform this component is attached to.

-----

### `getTypeName()` : `String`

Returns the name of this object’s type.

-----

### `isSame(SerializableWithUID other)` : `Boolean`

Returns true if this object is the same as `other`. Useful for checking
if two references point to the same thing.

## Inherited Properties

-----

### `enabled` : `Boolean`

If disabled, the Component will stop enacting its behavior.

## Examples

    // PlayAnimation.js
    // Version: 0.0.3
    // Event: Lens Turned On
    // Description: Plays a single animation on an animated mesh. If an AnimationMixer is not set, the script will attempt to find one on the SceneObject.
    //    @input Component.AnimationMixer animationMixer
    //    @input string animationLayerName = "BaseLayer"
    //    @input float animationWeight = 1.0 {"widget":"slider", "min": 0, "max": 1, "step": 0.01}
    //    @input float animationStartOffset = 0.0
    //    @input int numberOfLoops = -1
    if(!script.animationMixer)
    {
        script.animationMixer = script.getSceneObject().getFirstComponent("Component.AnimationMixer");
    }
    if(script.animationMixer)
    {
        script.animationMixer.setWeight(script.animationLayerName, script.animationWeight);
        script.animationMixer.start(script.animationLayerName, script.animationStartOffset, script.numberOfLoops);
    }

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
