# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - Classes
      - [AnimatedTextureFileProvider](/api/classes/AnimatedTextureFileProvider)
      - [Animation](/api/classes/Animation)
      - [AnimationClip.PostInfinity](/api/classes/AnimationClip_PostInfinity)
      - [AnimationClip.RangeType](/api/classes/AnimationClip_RangeType)
      - [AnimationLayer](/api/classes/AnimationLayer)
      - [AnimationMixer](/api/classes/AnimationMixer)
      - [AnimationMixerLayer](/api/classes/AnimationMixerLayer)
      - [AnimationTrack](/api/classes/AnimationTrack)
      - [Asset](/api/classes/Asset)
      - [AttachmentPointType](/api/classes/AttachmentPointType)
      - [AudioComponent](/api/classes/AudioComponent)
      - [AudioEffectAsset](/api/classes/AudioEffectAsset)
      - [AudioEffectComponent](/api/classes/AudioEffectComponent)
      - [AudioEffectProvider](/api/classes/AudioEffectProvider)
      - [AudioTrackAsset](/api/classes/AudioTrackAsset)
      - [BinAsset](/api/classes/BinAsset)
      - [BlendShapesVisual](/api/classes/BlendShapesVisual)
      - [BrowsLoweredEvent](/api/classes/BrowsLoweredEvent)
      - [BrowsRaisedEvent](/api/classes/BrowsRaisedEvent)
      - [BrowsReturnedToNormalEvent](/api/classes/BrowsReturnedToNormalEvent)
      - [Camera](/api/classes/Camera)
      - [Camera.DepthBufferMode](/api/classes/Camera_DepthBufferMode)
      - [Camera.DeviceProperty](/api/classes/Camera_DeviceProperty)
      - [Camera.Type](/api/classes/Camera_Type)
      - [CameraBackEvent](/api/classes/CameraBackEvent)
      - [CameraFrontEvent](/api/classes/CameraFrontEvent)
      - [ClearDepth](/api/classes/ClearDepth)
      - [Component](/api/classes/Component)
      - [CullMode](/api/classes/CullMode)
      - [DelayedCallbackEvent](/api/classes/DelayedCallbackEvent)
      - [DeviceLocationTrackingComponent](/api/classes/DeviceLocationTrackingComponent)
      - [DeviceTracking](/api/classes/DeviceTracking)
      - [DeviceTrackingMode](/api/classes/DeviceTrackingMode)
      - [DropshadowSettings](/api/classes/DropshadowSettings)
      - [EyeColorVisual](/api/classes/EyeColorVisual)
      - [FaceFoundEvent](/api/classes/FaceFoundEvent)
      - [FaceImagePickerTextureProvider](/api/classes/FaceImagePickerTextureProvider)
      - [FaceInsetRegion](/api/classes/FaceInsetRegion)
      - [FaceInsetVisual](/api/classes/FaceInsetVisual)
      - [FaceLostEvent](/api/classes/FaceLostEvent)
      - [FaceMaskVisual](/api/classes/FaceMaskVisual)
      - [FaceStretchVisual](/api/classes/FaceStretchVisual)
      - [FaceTextureProvider](/api/classes/FaceTextureProvider)
      - [FaceTrackingEvent](/api/classes/FaceTrackingEvent)
      - [FileTextureProvider](/api/classes/FileTextureProvider)
      - [FloatAnimationTrack](/api/classes/FloatAnimationTrack)
      - [FloatAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/FloatAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [FloatBezierAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/FloatBezierAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [Font](/api/classes/Font)
      - [GeneralDataStore](/api/classes/GeneralDataStore)
      - [Gyroscope](/api/classes/Gyroscope)
      - [Head](/api/classes/Head)
      - [HintsComponent](/api/classes/HintsComponent)
      - [HorizontalOverflow](/api/classes/HorizontalOverflow)
      - [IEventParameters](/api/classes/IEventParameters)
      - [Image](/api/classes/Image)
      - [ImagePickerTextureProvider](/api/classes/ImagePickerTextureProvider)
      - [IntAnimationTrack](/api/classes/IntAnimationTrack)
      - [IntStepAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/IntStepAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [IntStepNoLerpAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/IntStepNoLerpAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [KissFinishedEvent](/api/classes/KissFinishedEvent)
      - [KissStartedEvent](/api/classes/KissStartedEvent)
      - [Label](/api/classes/Label)
      - [LateUpdateEvent](/api/classes/LateUpdateEvent)
      - [LayerSet](/api/classes/LayerSet)
      - [LightSource](/api/classes/LightSource)
      - [LiquifyVisual](/api/classes/LiquifyVisual)
      - [LocalizationSystem](/api/classes/LocalizationSystem)
      - [LocationProximityStatus](/api/classes/LocationProximityStatus)
      - [LookAtComponent](/api/classes/LookAtComponent)
      - [LookAtComponent.AimVectors](/api/classes/LookAtComponent_AimVectors)
      - [LookAtComponent.WorldUpVector](/api/classes/LookAtComponent_WorldUpVector)
      - [ManipulateComponent](/api/classes/ManipulateComponent)
      - [ManipulateEndEvent](/api/classes/ManipulateEndEvent)
      - [ManipulateFrameIntersectResult](/api/classes/ManipulateFrameIntersectResult)
      - [ManipulateStartEvent](/api/classes/ManipulateStartEvent)
      - [ManipulateType](/api/classes/ManipulateType)
      - [MarkerAsset](/api/classes/MarkerAsset)
      - [MarkerProvider](/api/classes/MarkerProvider)
      - [MarkerTrackingComponent](/api/classes/MarkerTrackingComponent)
      - [mat2](/api/classes/mat2)
      - [mat3](/api/classes/mat3)
      - [mat4](/api/classes/mat4)
      - [Material](/api/classes/Material)
      - [MeshBuilder](/api/classes/MeshBuilder)
      - [MeshIndexType](/api/classes/MeshIndexType)
      - [MeshTopology](/api/classes/MeshTopology)
      - [MeshVisual](/api/classes/MeshVisual)
      - [MouthClosedEvent](/api/classes/MouthClosedEvent)
      - [MouthOpenedEvent](/api/classes/MouthOpenedEvent)
      - [ObjectPrefab](/api/classes/ObjectPrefab)
      - [ObjectTracking](/api/classes/ObjectTracking)
      - [OutlineSettings](/api/classes/OutlineSettings)
      - [Pass](/api/classes/Pass)
      - [PersistentStorageSystem](/api/classes/PersistentStorageSystem)
      - [PinToMeshComponent](/api/classes/PinToMeshComponent)
      - [PinToMeshComponent.Orientation](/api/classes/PinToMeshComponent_Orientation)
      - [PostEffectVisual](/api/classes/PostEffectVisual)
      - [ProceduralMeshRenderObjectProvider](/api/classes/ProceduralMeshRenderObjectProvider)
      - [quat](/api/classes/quat)
      - [QuaternionAnimationTrack](/api/classes/QuaternionAnimationTrack)
      - [QuaternionAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/QuaternionAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [QuaternionAnimationTrackXYZEuler](/api/classes/QuaternionAnimationTrackXYZEuler)
      - [Rect](/api/classes/Rect)
      - [RenderMesh](/api/classes/RenderMesh)
      - [RenderObjectProvider](/api/classes/RenderObjectProvider)
      - [RenderTargetProvider](/api/classes/RenderTargetProvider)
      - [Resource](/api/classes/Resource)
      - [RetouchVisual](/api/classes/RetouchVisual)
      - [RotationOptions](/api/classes/RotationOptions)
      - [SceneEvent](/api/classes/SceneEvent)
      - [SceneObject](/api/classes/SceneObject)
      - [SceneObjectEvent](/api/classes/SceneObjectEvent)
      - [ScreenRegionComponent](/api/classes/ScreenRegionComponent)
      - [ScreenRegionType](/api/classes/ScreenRegionType)
      - [ScreenTransform](/api/classes/ScreenTransform)
      - [ScriptComponent](/api/classes/ScriptComponent)
      - [ScriptObject](/api/classes/ScriptObject)
      - [ScriptScene](/api/classes/ScriptScene)
      - [SegmentationModel](/api/classes/SegmentationModel)
      - [SegmentationTextureProvider](/api/classes/SegmentationTextureProvider)
      - [SerializableWithUID](/api/classes/SerializableWithUID)
      - [Skin](/api/classes/Skin)
      - [SmileFinishedEvent](/api/classes/SmileFinishedEvent)
      - [SmileStartedEvent](/api/classes/SmileStartedEvent)
      - [SnapcodeMarkerProvider](/api/classes/SnapcodeMarkerProvider)
      - [SpriteAligner](/api/classes/SpriteAligner)
      - [SpriteVisual](/api/classes/SpriteVisual)
      - [StretchMode](/api/classes/StretchMode)
      - [SurfaceOptions](/api/classes/SurfaceOptions)
      - [SurfaceTrackingResetEvent](/api/classes/SurfaceTrackingResetEvent)
      - [TapEvent](/api/classes/TapEvent)
      - [Text](/api/classes/Text)
      - [TextFill](/api/classes/TextFill)
      - [TextFillMode](/api/classes/TextFillMode)
      - [TextProvider](/api/classes/TextProvider)
      - [Texture](/api/classes/Texture)
      - [TextureProvider](/api/classes/TextureProvider)
      - [TouchComponent](/api/classes/TouchComponent)
      - [TouchDataProvider](/api/classes/TouchDataProvider)
      - [TouchEndEvent](/api/classes/TouchEndEvent)
      - [TouchMoveEvent](/api/classes/TouchMoveEvent)
      - [TouchStartEvent](/api/classes/TouchStartEvent)
      - [Transform](/api/classes/Transform)
      - [TurnOffEvent](/api/classes/TurnOffEvent)
      - [TurnOnEvent](/api/classes/TurnOnEvent)
      - [UpdateEvent](/api/classes/UpdateEvent)
      - [UserContextSystem](/api/classes/UserContextSystem)
      - [vec2](/api/classes/vec2)
      - [Vec2AnimationTrack](/api/classes/Vec2AnimationTrack)
      - [Vec2AnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/Vec2AnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [vec3](/api/classes/vec3)
      - [Vec3AnimationTrack](/api/classes/Vec3AnimationTrack)
      - [Vec3AnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/Vec3AnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [Vec3AnimationTrackXYZ](/api/classes/Vec3AnimationTrackXYZ)
      - [vec4](/api/classes/vec4)
      - [Vec4AnimationTrack](/api/classes/Vec4AnimationTrack)
      - [Vec4AnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/Vec4AnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [vec4b](/api/classes/vec4b)
      - [VertexCache](/api/classes/VertexCache)
      - [VerticalOverflow](/api/classes/VerticalOverflow)
      - [VideoStatus](/api/classes/VideoStatus)
      - [VideoTextureProvider](/api/classes/VideoTextureProvider)
      - [Visual](/api/classes/Visual)
  - [Assets](/api/Assets)
  - [Components](/api/Components)
  - [Events](/api/Events)
  - [Global Methods](/api/GlobalMethods)
  - [Global Properties](/api/GlobalProperties)
  - [Scripting Input Types](/api/InputTypes)
  - [Shader Properties](/api/ShaderProperties)

<!-- end list -->

  - [API](/api)
  - [Classes](/api/classes)
  - GeneralDataStore

# GeneralDataStore

Lens Studio **v2.0.0+**

Inherits from [ScriptObject](/api/classes/ScriptObject)

## Description

Class for storing and retrieving data based on keys. Used by
[PersistentStorageSystem](/api/classes/PersistentStorageSystem). For
more information, see the [Persistent Storage
guide](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage).

## Methods

-----

### `clear()` : `void`

Clears all data stored in the General Data Store.

-----

### `getBool(String key)` : `Boolean`

Returns a boolean value stored under the given key, or false if none
exists.

-----

### `getBoolArray(String key)` : `Number[]`

Returns a boolean array being stored under the given key, or an empty
array if none exists.

-----

### `getDouble(String key)` : `Number`

Returns a double precision floating point number stored under the given
key, or 0 if none exists.

-----

### `getFloat(String key)` : `Number`

Returns a floating point value stored under the given key, or 0 if none
exists.

-----

### `getFloatArray(String key)` : `Number[]`

Returns a floating point array being stored under the given key, or an
empty array if none exists.

-----

### `getInt(String key)` : `Number`

Returns an integer number stored under the given key, or 0 if none
exists.

-----

### `getIntArray(String key)` : `Number[]`

Returns an integer array being stored under the given key, or an empty
array if none exists.

-----

### `getMat2(String key)` : [`mat2`](/api/classes/mat2)

Returns a mat2 value stored under the given key, or a default mat2 if
none exists.

-----

### `getMat2Array(String key)` : [`mat2`](/api/classes/mat2)\[\]

Returns a mat2 array being stored under the given key, or an empty array
if none exists.

-----

### `getMat3(String key)` : [`mat3`](/api/classes/mat3)

Stores a mat3 value under the given key.

-----

### `getMat3Array(String key)` : [`mat3`](/api/classes/mat3)\[\]

Returns a mat3 array being stored under the given key, or an empty array
if none exists.

-----

### `getMat4(String key)` : [`mat4`](/api/classes/mat4)

Returns a mat4 value stored under the given key, or a default mat4 if
none exists.

-----

### `getMat4Array(String key)` : [`mat4`](/api/classes/mat4)\[\]

Returns a mat4 array being stored under the given key, or an empty array
if none exists.

-----

### `getMaxSizeInBytes()` : `Number`

Returns the maximum total size allowed, in bytes, of all data stored in
this General Data Store.

-----

### `getQuat(String key)` : [`quat`](/api/classes/quat)

Returns a quat value stored under the given key, or a default quat if
none exists.

-----

### `getQuatArray(String key)` : [`quat`](/api/classes/quat)\[\]

Returns a quat array being stored under the given key, or an empty array
if none exists.

-----

### `getSizeInBytes()` : `Number`

If `onStoreFull` has been set, this method returns the current total
size, in bytes, of all data stored in this General Data Store.
Otherwise, `0` is returned.

-----

### `getString(String key)` : `String`

Returns a string value stored under the given key, or empty string if
none exists.

-----

### `getStringArray(String key)` : `String[]`

Returns a string array being stored under the given key, or an empty
array if none exists.

-----

### `getVec2(String key)` : [`vec2`](/api/classes/vec2)

Returns a vec2 value stored under the given key, or a default vec2 if
none exists.

-----

### `getVec2Array(String key)` : [`vec2`](/api/classes/vec2)\[\]

Returns a vec2 array being stored under the given key, or an empty array
if none exists.

-----

### `getVec3(String key)` : [`vec3`](/api/classes/vec3)

Returns a vec3 value stored under the given key, or a default vec3 if
none exists.

-----

### `getVec3Array(String key)` : [`vec3`](/api/classes/vec3)\[\]

Returns a vec3 array being stored under the given key, or an empty array
if none exists.

-----

### `getVec4(String key)` : [`vec4`](/api/classes/vec4)

Returns a vec4 value stored under the given key, or a default vec4 if
none exists.

-----

### `getVec4Array(String key)` : [`vec4`](/api/classes/vec4)\[\]

Returns a vec4 array being stored under the given key, or an empty array
if none exists.

-----

### `has(String key)` : `Boolean`

Returns true if a value is being stored under the given key.

-----

### `putBool(String key, Boolean value)` : `void`

Stores a boolean value under the given key.

-----

### `putBoolArray(String key, Number[] value)` : `void`

Stores a boolean array under the given key.

-----

### `putDouble(String key, Number value)` : `void`

Stores a double precision floating point number under the given key.

-----

### `putFloat(String key, Number value)` : `void`

Stores a floating point value under the given key.

-----

### `putFloatArray(String key, Number[] value)` : `void`

Stores a floating point array under the given key.

-----

### `putInt(String key, Number value)` : `void`

Stores an integer number value under the given key.

-----

### `putIntArray(String key, Number[] value)` : `void`

Stores an integer array under the given key.

-----

### `putMat2(String key, mat2 value)` : `void`

Stores a mat2 value under the given key.

-----

### `putMat2Array(String key, mat2[] value)` : `void`

Stores a mat2 array under the given key.

-----

### `putMat3(String key, mat3 value)` : `void`

Stores a mat3 value under the given key.

-----

### `putMat3Array(String key, mat3[] value)` : `void`

Stores a mat3 array under the given key.

-----

### `putMat4(String key, mat4 value)` : `void`

Stores a mat4 value under the given key.

-----

### `putMat4Array(String key, mat4[] value)` : `void`

Stores a mat4 array under the given key.

-----

### `putQuat(String key, quat value)` : `void`

Stores a quat value under the given key.

-----

### `putQuatArray(String key, quat[] value)` : `void`

Stores a quat array under the given key.

-----

### `putString(String key, String value)` : `void`

Stores a string value under the given key.

-----

### `putStringArray(String key, String[] value)` : `void`

Stores a string array under the given key.

-----

### `putVec2(String key, vec2 value)` : `void`

Stores a vec2 value under the given key.

-----

### `putVec2Array(String key, vec2[] value)` : `void`

Stores a vec2 array under the given key.

-----

### `putVec3(String key, vec3 value)` : `void`

Stores a vec3 value under the given key.

-----

### `putVec3Array(String key, vec3[] value)` : `void`

Stores a vec3 array under the given key.

-----

### `putVec4(String key, vec4 value)` : `void`

Stores a vec4 value under the given key.

-----

### `putVec4Array(String key, vec4[] value)` : `void`

Stores a vec4 array under the given key.

-----

### `remove(String key)` : `void`

Removes the value being stored under the given key. If no value exists
under the key, nothing will happen.

## Properties

-----

### `onStoreFull` : `function`

Callback function that gets called when the allowed storage limit has
been passed. The store won’t be saved if it is full, so if this is
called make sure to remove data until back under the limit.

## Examples

    // Get the data store from PersistentStorageSystem
    var store = global.persistentStorageSystem.store;
    
    // Load score from previous Lens session. Defaults to 0 if data isn't found for this key
    var score = store.getFloat("totalScore");
    print("loaded score: " + score);
    
    function increaseScore() {
        // Increase score, then write it to the data store
        score += 1;
        store.putFloat("totalScore", score);
        print("new score: " + score);
    }
    
    // Increase score on tap event
    script.createEvent("TapEvent").bind(increaseScore);

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
