# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [General](/guides/general)
  - [Tracking](/guides/general/tracking)
  - Marker Tracking

# Marker Tracking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_intro.gif) ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_intro_snapcode.gif)  

Lens Studio’s Marker Tracking gives you the ability to a Lens which
tracks content to a unique physical image. Marker Tracking is ideal for
Lenses which are meant to be used in the presence of a custom image. For
example, you can create a Lens that places an animated 3D character
overlaid on a poster or mural of your own design. You can also set up a
Marker Tracking Lens to detect and track Snapcodes.

This guide covers how to create a custom tracking Marker and include it
in a Lens.  

## Creating a Marker Tracking Lens

This section covers how to create a Marker Tracking Lens in a new
project. You can also follow these steps to add Marker Tracking to an
existing Lens.

**Tip**  
The quickest and easiest way to create a Marker Tracking Lens is to use
Lens Studio’s [Marker Template](/templates/marker/marker). To learn more
about how to use this template, visit the [Marker
Template](/templates/marker/marker) guide.

### Prepare an Image for Tracking

If you're planning to use a custom image as a tracking marker, keep the
following guidelines in mind to make sure that it will have smooth and
accurate tracking:

  - Make sure your image has a lot of detail and contrast
  - Avoid repetitive patterns
  - Avoid low resolution images
  - Use a `PNG` or `JPG` with a resolution of 2048 x 2048 or less

Here are some examples of bad markers:

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_bad_example_2.png)

Here are some examples of good markers: 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/image_marker_source.png)

### Create a New Project

Create a new project by selecting `File -> New Project` from the Lens
Studio menu.  

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_file_new.png)

Alternatively, you can select `New Project` from the Lens Studio
launcher.  

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_new_project.png)

### Create a Marker Tracking Object

Marker Tracking requires a Marker Tracking object to be added to your
Scene. Your Lens can use either Image Tracking or Snapcode Tracking.

**Adding Image Tracking  
**

To set up your Lens to track a custom Image:

1.  In the `Objects` panel, select `Add New -> Marker Tracking -> Image
    Tracking`
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_add_new_image_tracking.gif)

2.  Select a custom image file from your computer and select `Open`

3.  In the `Objects` panel, you should now see an `Image
    Tracking` object parented to your main `Camera` object
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_image_tracking_object.png)

4.  In the `Resources` panel, you should now see an `Image
    Marker` resource
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_image_marker_resource.png)

5.  Select the newly created `Image Marker` resource in the
    `Resources` panel

6.  In the `Inspector` panel, note the `Marker Height` field. You should
    set it to match the expected vertical size of the physical image, in
    centimeters (cm). For example, if you are planning to create a Lens
    which tracks content to a printed sticker that’s 8 cm in the
    vertical dimension, you should set your Image Marker’s`  Marker
    Height ` to 8.0.
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_image_marker_height.png)

**Adding Snapcode Tracking**  

1.  In the `Objects` panel, select `Add New -> Marker Tracking ->
    Snapcode Tracking`
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_add_new_snapcode_tracking.gif)

2.  In the `Objects` panel, you should now see a `Snapcode
    Tracking` object parented to your main `Camera` object
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_snapcode_tracking_object.png)

3.  In the `Resources` panel, you should now see a `Snapcode Marker`
    resource
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_snapcode_marker_resource.png)

4.  Select the newly created `Snapcode Marker` resource in the
    `Resources` panel

5.  In the `Inspector`, note the `Marker Height` field. You should set
    it to match the expected vertical size of the physical Snapcode, in
    centimeters (cm). For example, if you are planning to create a Lens
    which tracks content to a printed sticker that’s 8 cm in the
    vertical dimension, you should set your Snapcode Marker’s `Marker
    Height` to 8.0.
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_snapcode_marker_height.png)

**Warning**  
Image Tracking and Snapcode Tracking objects must be parented to your
Scene's main Camera in order to track properly.

**Tip**  
You can include any number of Image Tracking or Snapcode Tracking
objects to your Scene. For image tracking, only one image will be
tracked at a time. For Snapcode tracking, only one Snapcode will be
tracked at a time. That said, a single image and a single Snapcode can
be tracked at the same time. 

**Orienting the Marker Tracking Object**

The Marker Tracking object you created should be oriented in Lens Studio
to match the expected orientation of the physical marker. 

For example, if you expect users of your Lens to encounter the tracking
marker on a horizontal surface, like a table, the Marker Tracking object
should be oriented horizontally. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_horizontal_marker.png)

If, however, you expect users of your Lens to encounter the tracking
marker on a vertical surface, like a wall, the Marker Tracking object
should be oriented vertically.   

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_vertical_marker.png)

**Note**  
By default, the Marker Tracking object is created in a vertical
orientation.  

### Placing Content

Any content you want to track to your marker should already be [imported
to your Scene](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources) and set
up as a Scene Object. This Scene Object should be parented to the Marker
Tracking Object you created in the previous section.

To set up your content:

1.  In the `Objects` panel, select the Scene Object you want to track to
    the Marker
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_select_content_object.gif)

2.  Click and drag the Scene Object so that it’s parented underneath the
    `Marker Tracking` object you created
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_parent_content_object.gif)

3.  In the `Scene` panel, align the Scene Object’s position with the
    position of the `Marker Tracking` object
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_align_content_object.gif)

4.  Scale the Scene Object as you see fit. Remember that the `Marker
    Height` property you set on the Marker resource represents the size
    in centimeters in physical space. You can use its size as a relative
    guide for scaling your content
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_scale_content_object.gif)

**Tip**  
To learn more about importing 2D and 3D content to your Scene, visit the
Lens Studio guide on [Importing and Updating
Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources).

## Previewing The Lens

To properly preview your Marker Tracking Lens in the `Preview` panel,
you’ll need to import a video of your Marker. To import a video file
from your computer:

1.  Select the dropdown at the top of the `Preview` panel
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_preview_dropdown.png)

2.  Select `Add New` at the bottom of the dropdown
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_preview_add_new.png)

3.  Find the video file and open it

4.  In the `Preview` panel, select the video you just imported
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_preview_select.png)

5.  You should now see your video playing in the `Preview` panel.
    Your content should be aligned to the Marker when it’s on screen.
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_preview_ready.png)

## Additional Information

### The Marker Template

The quickest and easiest way to create a Marker Tracking Lens is to use
Lens Studio’s [Marker Template](/templates/marker/marker). To learn more
about how to use this template, visit the [Marker
Template](/templates/marker/marker) guide.  

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_template.png)

### Marker Resources

Marker Tracking requires a Marker resource. The Marker resource defines
the target image the Lens should track, as well as is expected physical
size. There are two types of Marker resources: Image Marker and Snapcode
Marker.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_marker_resources.png)

While a Marker Resource is created automatically when you add an Image
Tracking or Snapcode Tracking object to your Scene, you can also create
one manually.  

**Creating an Image Marker Resource**

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_image_marker_resource_inspector.png)

If you want your Lens to track a specific image, you can create an Image
Marker.  

To create an Image Marker:

1.  In the `Resources` Panel, select `Add New -> Image Marker`

2.  Select a custom image file you want to track from your computer and
    select `Open`

3.  Select the newly created `Image Marker` resource in the `Resources`
    panel

4.  In the Inspector, note the `Marker Height` field. You should set it
    to match the expected vertical size of the physical image, in
    centimeters (cm). For example, if you are planning to create a Lens
    which tracks content to a printed sticker that’s 8 cm in the
    vertical dimension, you should set your Image Marker’s `Marker
    Height` to 8.0
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_image_marker_height.png)

**Creating a Snapcode Marker Resource**

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_snapcode_marker_resource_inspector.png)

If you want your Lens to track Snapcodes, you can create a Snapcode
Marker.  

To create a Snapcode Marker:  

1.  In the `Resources` Panel, select `Add New -> Snapcode Marker`

2.  Select the newly created `Snapcode Marker` resource in the
    `Resources` Panel

3.  In the `Inspector`, note the `Marker Height` field. You should set
    it to match the expected vertical size of the physical image, in
    centimeters (cm). For example, if you are planning to create a Lens
    which tracks content to a printed Snapcode that’s 8 cm in the
    vertical dimension, you should set your Snapcode's `Marker Height`
    to 8.0
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_snapcode_marker_height.png)

### Printing a Marker Resource

For convenience, you can print your Marker for use in testing. To print
your Marker:

1.  Select your `Marker Resource` (Image or Snapcode) in the
    `Resources` panel

2.  In the `Inspector` panel, select the `Print` button
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/marker_guide_resource_print.png)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
