# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [General](/guides/general)
  - Pairing to Snapchat

# Pairing to Snapchat

With Lens Studio, you can preview your Lens creations inside Snapchat.
When paired, any changes you make in Lens Studio are reflected in a
preview Lens on your mobile device. Previewing your Lens inside Snapchat
will help you test and iterate on the Lens' user experience.

## Setup

For pairing to work, you'll first need to make sure that:

  - Your computer and your device are on the same Wi-Fi network
  - You have the latest version of Snapchat installed on your device

**Warning   
**To pair Snapchat with Lens Studio, you'll need the latest version of
Snapchat as well as the latest version of Lens Studio.

## Pairing Your Device

To preview your Lens on your device, first you must pair your device
with Lens Studio.

1.  Press the `Pair Your Device` button in the top right corner of Lens
    Studio
    
    ![Pairing to
    Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/pairing_to_snapchat_button.png)

2.  You should see a Snapcode pop up. This Snapcode is unique to your
    Lens Studio
    
    ![Pairing to
    Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/pairing_to_snapchat_snapcode.png)

3.  Open Snapchat on your device

4.  In Snapchat, point your camera at the Snapcode

5.  Press and hold the image of the Snapcode to scan it

6.  You should see a prompt to Pair with Lens Studio
    
    ![Pairing to
    Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/pairing_to_snapchat_snapcode_pair.png)

7.  Press the `Pair` button

8.  When paired, you should see the `Your Device Paired` message in Lens
    Studio
    
    ![Pairing to
    Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/pairing_to_snapchat_paired.png)

**Warning   
**The pairing process can take up to 30 seconds depending on your
network. After clicking `Pair`, please allow some time for the device to
find and connect to Lens Studio.

**Note**  
You can only have one device paired to Lens Studio at a time. If you
want to pair a different device, you first need to disconnect your
currently paired device. To do this, select `Pairing -> Disconnect` in
Lens Studio's menu bar. 

**Note**  
If you want to remove the paired lens from Snapchat, first open
Snapchat. Then, go to `Settings`. There, select ` Additional Services ->
Manage -> Lens Studio -> Pair Status -> Tap to  ``Unpair`. This will
unpair your device and remove the paired Lens from your Lens carousel.
Note, you might have to force quit and reopen Snapchat if you want the
Lens removed immediately.

## Previewing Your Lens

Now that your device is paired with Lens Studio, you can now push your
Lens to Snapchat to preview it.

1.  Press the `Let's Push Your Lens` button to send your Lens to your
    paired device for preview
    
    ![Pairing to
    Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/pairing_to_snapchat_push.png)

2.  When sending, the button will display `Sending Lens...`
    
    ![Pairing to
    Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/pairing_to_snapchat_sending.png)

3.  Once the Lens has been sent to your device, the button will display
    the `Lens has been pushed` message. If a direct push over Wi-Fi was
    successful, it will also show the `Direct push` message. If the
    direct push failed, the Lens will still push to your device but via
    the server. Note, a server push can take longer to update your Lens
    than a direct push
    
    ![Pairing to
    Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/pairing_to_snapchat_pushed.png)
    
      
    ![Pairing to
    Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/pairing_to_snapchat_pushed_server.png)

4.  Finally, once the push is successful, you should now see your Lens
    for preview in your rear camera's Lens carousel. The icon of the
    Lens will be whatever you set it to in the [Project
    Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
    
    ![Pairing to
    Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/pairing_to_snapchat_carousel.png)

## Checking Lens Performance

When paired, you're able to see the performance of your Lens. Please
refer to the [Performance and
Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization) guide for
performance requirements and best practices. To display your Lens'
performance:

1.  With your Lens paired and opened in Snapchat, click the `Gear`
    button in the top left corner of Snapchat
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/preview_debug_closed_crop.png)
    
      

2.  After clicking the `Gear` button, you should now see performance
    stats for your Lens. `FPS` represents your Lens' framerate. `RAM`
    represents how much memory your Lens is consuming. `SIZE` represents
    how large your Lens is. And finally, a time stamp displays when the
    Lens was last pushed
    
    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/preview_debug_open_crop.png)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
