# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [General](/guides/general)
  - Panels

# Panels

Lens Studio is made up of a series of modular panels. The following
guide walks through each panel's function in Lens Studio and the
associated interface elements.

## Scene

![Scene
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_scene.png)

The `Scene` panel is where you can interact with the 3D objects in your
scene. In the `Scene` panel, you'll be able to visually move, rotate and
scale objects. The `Scene` panel's toolbar gives you access to various
controls for the camera.

-----

### Scene Screen Mode

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/panels_view_3d_scene.png)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/panels_view_2d_scene.png)

The `View 2D Scene` and `View 3D Scene` buttons toggle between the 3D
scene and the 2D scene of your Lens project. The 2D scene mode is
primarily used for visualizing and editing 2D objects like [Screen
Image](/guides/2d/image), [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect) and
[Face Effects](/guides/face/face-effects-overview). By default,
selecting an object in the `Objects` panel will automatically select the
best scene mode for that object. This can be disabled in the Lens Studio
preferences by unchecking `Auto Switch 2D / 3D Scene Panel`.   

-----

### Scene Object Selection

Objects in the `3D Scene` can be selected by clicking the object in the
Scene Panel. Similarly, in the `2D Scene`, all 2D elements are rendered
in the scene and can be selected by clicking them in the `Scene` panel.
For information on manipulating objects, refer to the [Toolbar and
Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts) guide. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/panel_3d_scene_selection.gif)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/panel_2d_scene_selection.gif)

-----

### Scene Camera Orientation

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/panel_scene_camera_orientation.png)

Clicking on a face of the camera orientation cube allows you to set the
scene camera to a specified orientation. The available orientations are
Front, Left, Right, Back, Top and Bottom. Clicking the Home button will
return you to the default camera orientation. Clicking on the Setting
button will give you more options for visualizations. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/scene_panel_setting_button_visualize.png)

-----

## Objects

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/panel_objects_panel.png)

The `Objects` panel shows you the hierarchy of all objects in your
scene. Objects can be parented and un-parented in the objects panel by
dragging them up and down the hierarchy while holding the `Left
Mouse` button down. For 2D effects like `Screen Image` and `Post
Effect`, the `Objects` panel also controls the render order. The
bottommost objects are rendered last making them appear in front of
the topmost objects.

**Note**  
An object's `Render Order` setting in the `Inspector` panel must be set
to `Auto` for them to respect the `Object` panel's order for rendering.
Objects default to `Auto` enabled. If `Auto` is disabled, the object's
render order must be configured manually.

**Note**  
By default, 3D objects respect depth in relation to other 3D objects to
determine render order. However, in relation to 2D objects, a 3D
object's render order is determined by its order in the `Objects` panel.

-----

### Add New

![Objects
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_objects_add_new.png)

The `Add New` button allows you to add new objects to your scene. The
`Empty Object` selection adds an empty object while the `Empty Child
Object` adds an empty object as a child of the currently selected
object. Additionally, with the `Add New` button, you're able to add
objects that come with preset components including the Camera, Light,
Image, Liquify, Mesh Visuals, Screen Image and Post Effect objects.

-----

### Search

![Objects
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_objects_search.png)

Clicking this icon will prompt for a search keyword. The `Objects` panel
hierarchy will then be filtered by the inputted keyword.

-----

### Enabled / Disabled Objects

![Objects
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_objects_enabled_disabled.png)

Objects can be enabled and disabled by clicking the checkbox icon to the
right of the object name. Disabled objects will not be visible and will
not execute script.

-----

### Display Mode

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/panel_objects_panel_display_mode.gif)

You can change the display mode of the objects panel to sort by Layers
or Render Order. 

-----

## Inspector

![Inspector
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_inspector.png)

The `Inspector` panel allows you to add and edit components on the
selected object. Components are the building blocks of objects. They
define what an object does and how an object is visualized. In addition
to adding components, the `Inspector` panel allows you to edit
parameters of existing components. Note, all objects are required to
have a `Transform` component. The `Transform` component gives you the
ability to tune the object's Position, Rotation and Scale.

-----

### Render Order

![Inspector
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_inspector_render_order.png)

The `Render Order` option becomes active for any object that has a
visualization (e.g. MeshVisual). By default, all visual objects begin
with `Auto` enabled. For 3D objects, `Auto` means that the objects are
rendered by depth. For 2D objects, `Auto` means that the render order is
determined by their order within the `Objects` panel. For more
information on how object ordering within the `Objects` panel works,
please see the above `Object` panel section. If `Auto` is disabled,
render order must be manually configured via the `Render Order` text
field. When manually configuring render order, low numbers are rendered
first (below) while high numbers are rendered last (on top).

**Note   
**For the most part, you can ignore `Render Order` and keep `Auto`
enabled. Only when you are having render ordering problems that can't be
solved by ordering objects in the `Objects` panel will you have to
manually configure the `Render Order` text field.

-----

### Render Layers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/layers_default.png)

The `Layers` box allows you to configure which render layer the object
should be part of. Each `Camera` object in your scene allows you to
configure which render layers the camera can see.

**Note**  
For the most part, you can ignore `Layers` and keep it set to the
`Default Layer`. You only need to worry about `Layers` when working with
multiple cameras in the scene.

-----

### Collapse Component

![Inspector
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_inspector_collapse.png)

Clicking the component name will collapse the component for a cleaner
`Inspector` panel.

-----

### Enable / Disable Component

![Inspector
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_inspector_disable.png)

Clicking the check box will toggle the component to be enabled or
disabled.

-----

### Remove Component

![Inspector
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_inspector_settings.png)

Clicking this icon will allow you to remove or disable the component.

-----

### Add Component

![Inspector
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_inspector_add.png)

The `Add Component` button allows you to add desired components to the
selected object. Clicking `Add Component` will give you a list of all
available components that can be added. Selecting from the list will
then add it to the object.

-----

## Resources

![Resources
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_resources.png)

The `Resources` panel lists out all resources currently available in the
project. Resources include Meshes, Materials, Textures, Scripts, Sounds
and more. Resources can be added to the project by dragging and dropping
a valid resource into the `Resources` panel. For more information about
managing resources, follow the [Importing and Updating
Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources) guide.

-----

### Add New Resources

![Resources
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_resources_new.png)

The `Add New` button allows you to add new resources to your Lens Studio
project. Once selected, select the `Import Files` option to add in your
own custom resources. Some resource types, like Mesh and Material, have
built-in resources that you can add to your project. The Mesh resource
type will allow you to add some basic primitive meshes. The Material
resource type will allow you to add some basic materials like Unlit,
Diffuse, PBR and more. On top of that, the `Add New` button allows you
to create folders to keep your resources organized.

-----

### Filter Resources

![Resources
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_resources_filter.png)

Use this drop down to filter the `Resources` panel by type of resource.

-----

### Search Resources

![Resources
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_resources_search.png)

The `Resources` panel can be filtered by keywords by clicking the search
icon and typing in the search box.

-----

### Resources View Mode

![Resources
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_resources_zoom.png)

The view mode of the `Resources` panel can be toggled between a list
view and a grid-based icon view.

-----

## Preview

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/panels_preview_world_side.png)![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img_new/panels_preview_face_side.png)  

The `Preview` panel allows you to see what your Lens would look like
within Snapchat without having to open your device. The `Preview` panel
updates in real time as you make changes to your scene. For more
information on the `Preview` panel and its features, see the
[](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)[Previewing Your
Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens) guide.   

-----

## Scene Config

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/scene_config_panel.png)

The `Scene Config` panel allows you to set the Live Target, the Capture
Target and quickly rearrange the camera render order. For more
information on the Scene Config panel and its features, see the [Camera
and Layers](/guides/general/camera) guide. 

-----

## Pair To Snapchat

![Pair to
Snapchat](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_pair.png)

The `Pair Your Device` button allows you to pair Lens Studio with your
Snapchat application. When paired, changes made in Lens Studio will be
automatically synced to your device for testing. For more information on
pairing, see the [Pairing to
Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat) guide.

-----

## Logger

![Logger
Panel](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/panels_logger.png)

The `Logger` panel allows you to see debug messages outputted by your
Lens experience alongside any warning or error messages. To output text
to the logger, call the following in script:

    print( "This message is displayed in the Logger panel")

For more information about debugging Lenses, refer to the
[Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging) guide.

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
