# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [3D](/guides/3d)
  - [Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing)
  - Photoshop Texturing

# Photoshop Texturing

Material is a resource in Lens Studio that can be applied to a 3D model
to control and customize its visual look. Lens Studio has some preset
materials that you can add to your 3D model to change the way your model
looks.

Here are some of Lens Studio's preset materials:

![Basic
Materials](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_materials.png)

**Note  
**If you want to learn more about Lens Studio's materials, follow the
[Materials](/guides/3d/materials) guide.

Most materials have texture inputs that you can use to change the way it
looks. You can paint these texture(s) in 3D painting softwares like,
Allegorithmic's Substance Painter, Adobe Photoshop and more.

This guide will walk you through the process of painting a 3D model’s
textures with Photoshop. For the purpose of this guide, we’re using
[Adobe Photoshop CC 2018](http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop.html).

## Importing 3D Models in Adobe Photoshop

You can use Adobe Photoshop to paint and edit the textures used by a 3D
model. In order to paint your texture in Photoshop you need to have a UV
mapped model. Also you need to export your 3D model in the `.OBJ` format
to make sure that you can successfully import your 3D model into
Photoshop.

To start painting, we have to change Photoshop’s 2D workspace into the
3D workspace. To do this, select `Window -> Workspace -> 3D`.

![Importing into
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_workspace.png)

This will enable the 3D features of Photoshop. Then, we can import the
3D model by selecting `File -> Open...` from Photoshop’s menu and then
select your `.OBJ` file.

![Importing into
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_openmenu.png)

The `New` window will open. In this window we need to change both the
`Width` and `Height` to `1024` and then click the `OK` button.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_newwindow.png)

**Note  
**Dimensions of the width and height must be a power of 2.

Now we have our model successfully imported in Photoshop.  

![Importing into
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_model_open.png)

## Diffuse, Lambert or Unlit Texturing using Photoshop

In the `Properties` panel we can specify what kind of material we are
using. If you want to paint an `Unlit` material, click on the `Presets`
drop down and select `Unlit Texture`. If you want `Lambert` or `Diffuse`
material, change the `Presets` to `Default`.

![Unlit
Paint](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_presets.png)

Then, in the 3D panel, select your mesh. Now, you can select the brush
tool and start painting on the surface of the model.

![Unlit
Paint](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_selectmesh.png)

**Tip  
**You can change the 3D model’s texture size by going to the `Layers`
panel, then double clicking on the diffuse texture. This will open up
your texture. Then, select `Image -> Image Size…`. This will open the
`Image Size` window. In this window you can change the `Width` and
`Height` of the texture. 

## PBR Texturing Using Photoshop

Lens Studio supports high quality PBR (Physically Based Rendering). PBR
materials in Lens Studio need the following three texture inputs.

### Base Texture

Defines the overall color of the material.

### Normal Map

Normal maps allow you to fake the illusion of depth and detail on a 3D
model without actually adding any 3D polygons.

**Tip  
**Normal maps uses RGB information that corresponds to X, Y and Z in 3D
space.

### Material Params

Material Params is a unique texture to our engine. It is a single
texture that uses RGB channels to represents Metallic, Roughness and
Ambient Occlusion. In the Material Params texture the `Red` channel
represents Metallic, the `Green` channel represents Roughness and the
`Blue` channel represents Ambient Occlusion.

**Note  
**The Metallic input controls how metal-like your surface will be. The
Roughness controls how rough the material is. The Ambient Occlusion
controls how dark the 3D model’s creases, holes and surfaces are.

To start painting texture(s), in the Photoshop's 3D panel, select the
mesh that you want to paint.

![PBR painting in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_selectmesh.png)

Then select the brush tool by pressing `B` on the keyboard.

Now, we can start painting the Diffuse which is the `Base Texture` in
Lens Studio.

To paint the `Roughness` texture we have to change the target texture
into `Roughness`. In order to do this, after selecting the brush tool,
go to `Properties` panel and click the `Paint On` drop down menu. Then,
select `Roughness`.

![PBR painting in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_roughness.png)

Then, when you start painting, a new window will open to create a
roughness texture. Change both the `Width` and `Height` to `1024` and
then, select `OK`.

![PBR painting in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_newroughness.png)

Now you will be able to paint the `Roughness` texture.

In order to paint the `Metallic` texture, after selecting the brush
tool, go to the `Properties` panel and click the `Paint On` drop down
menu. Then, select `Reflectivity`. Reflectivity in Photoshop
represents `Metallic` in Lens Studio.

![PBR painting in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_reflectivity.png)

Currently, Photoshop does not support `Normal Map` painting but we can
use the `Bump` texture and change it to normal map after. To paint the
`Bump` map, after selecting the brush tool go to the `Properties` panel
and click the `Paint On` drop down menu. Then, select `Bump`.

![PBR painting in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_bump.png)

When you are done painting the texture(s), we have to export the
textures to the `PNG` file format by selecting `3D -> Export 3D Layer…`
from Photoshop’s menu.

![PBR painting in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_export3dlayer.png)

This will open up the `Export Properties` window. In this window, make
sure both `Scene` and `Textures` are selected. Then, change the `Texture
Format` to `PNG` and click the `OK` button.

![PBR painting in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_exportpropeties.png)

Once the export is done, we need to convert the bump map to a normal map
and also create an ambient occlusion map based on the normal map.

### Create a Normal Map using Photoshop

To create a Normal map, from Photoshop’s menu, select `File -> Open…`
and select the `Bump` texture that you just exported from Photoshop.
After you opened the `Bump` texture in Photoshop, select `Filter -> 3D
-> Generate Normal Map` from Photoshop’s menu.

![PBR painting in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_generatenormalmap.png)

This will open the `Generate Normal Map` window. In this window you can
customize the look of the normal map.

![PBR painting in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_normalmapwindow.png)

When you are happy with the result click `OK` and then save the image as
a `PNG` by selecting `File -> Save` from Photoshop’s menu.

### Create Ambient Occlusion Map using Photoshop

To create an `Ambient Occlusion` map, open the normal map file that we
just created. Then, select `Image -> Adjustments -> Black & White` from
Photoshop’s menu. This will turn the image into a black and white image.

![AO into
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_baw.png)

Then we have to add more contrast to the image so we have a pure white
color as the background.

**Note  
**Ambient occlusion multiplies the texture on the 3D model to make the
edges darker. Make sure the background of the Ambient Occlusion texture
is pure white to ensure that it won't change the look of the `Base
Texture` or color of the 3D model.

In order to do this, select `Image -> Adjustments ->
Brightness/Contrast...`.

![AO into
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_contrast.png)

In this window, tweak both the `Brightness` and `Contrast` sliders until
you have a good contrast for your texture.

![AO into
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_contrastwindow.png)

When you are happy with the result click `OK` and then, save the
document as a `PNG` by selecting the `File -> Save As...` from
Photoshop’s menu.

### Create a Material Params Texture

To create a `Material Params` texture, we need to create a new document
in Photoshop by selecting `File -> New…` from Photoshop’s menu. Make
sure the `Color Mode` drop down is set to `RGB Color` then select the
`Create` button.

![PARAMS texturing in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_new_texture.png)

The `Material Params` texture is a single texture that uses RGB channel
information to represent `R for Metallic`, `G for Roughness` and `B for
Ambient Occlusion`.

We need to import our Metallic, Roughness and Ambient Occlusion textures
into the new document. This can be done by selecting the textures and
dragging then dropping them into the blank document that we just created
in Photoshop.

Now we should have three `Layers` in our Photoshop’s document.

![PARAMS texturing in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_params_layer.png)

To set the `Metallic` layer to only to be shown in the `Red Channel` we
have to right click on the `Metallic` layer and select `Blending
Options…`.

![PARAMS texturing in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_blendingselect.png)

This will open the `Layer Style` window. In this window, under the
`Advanced Blending` options find `Channels`. Keep `R` checked and then
un-check both `G` and `B`. Then, click the `OK` button.

![PARAMS texturing in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_blendingwindow.png)

Now you have the `Metallic` layer set to the `Red Channel`.

Repeat the same process for `Roughness` by setting it to the `Green`
channel, and then for `Ambient Occlusion` by setting it to the `Blue`
channel.

After setting all the layer channels, save the document as a `PNG` by
selecting `File -> Save As...` from Photoshop’s menu.

Now we should have the `Base Color Texture`, `Normal Texture` and
`Materials Params Texture` that we can import into Lens Studio.

![PARAMS texturing in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_exported_textures.png)

![PARAMS texturing in
Photoshop](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/photoshop_texturing_final.png)

If you want to learn more about importing 3d models and textures into
Lens Studio, follow the [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
guide.

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
