# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - Face
      - [Paper Head](/templates/face/paper-head)
      - [Sunglasses](/templates/face/sunglasses)
      - [Segmentation](/templates/face/segmentation)
      - [Team Celebrate](/templates/face/team-celebrate)
      - [Face in Picture](/templates/face/face-in-picture)
      - [2D Objects](/templates/face/2d-objects)
      - [Distort](/templates/face/distort)
      - [Face Paint](/templates/face/face-paint)
      - [Photo](/templates/face/photo)
      - [Baseball Cap](/templates/face/baseball-cap)
      - [3D Objects](/templates/face/3d-objects)
      - [Trigger](/templates/face/trigger)
      - [Cricket Helmet](/templates/face/cricket-helmet)
  - World
      - [Cutout](/templates/world/cutout)
      - [Face Image Picker](/templates/world/face-image-picker)
      - [Static Object](/templates/world/static-object)
      - [Animated Object](/templates/world/animated-object)
      - [Particles](/templates/world/particles)
      - [Portal](/templates/world/portal)
      - [Picture Frame](/templates/world/picture-frame)
      - [Look Around](/templates/world/look-around)
      - [Window](/templates/world/window)
  - Interactive
      - [Simple High Score](/templates/interactive/simple-high-score)
      - [High Score](/templates/interactive/high-score)
      - [Soundboard](/templates/interactive/soundboard)
      - [Fullscreen](/templates/interactive/fullscreen)
      - [Interactive Tap](/templates/interactive/interactive-tap)
      - [Interactive Path](/templates/interactive/interactive-path)
      - [Interactive
        Approach](/templates/interactive/interactive-approach)
      - [Interactive Look
        At](/templates/interactive/interactive-look-at)
  - Marker
      - [Marker](/templates/marker/marker)
      - [Marker with Snapcode](/templates/marker/marker-with-snapcode)
  - Object
      - [Pet](/templates/object/pet)
      - [Hand](/templates/object/hand)
      - [Body](/templates/object/body)
  - [Landmarker (Beta)](/templates/landmarker)
  - [Beginner Templates](/templates/beginner-templates)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Templates](/templates)
  - [World](/templates/world)
  - Particles

# Particles

The Particles Template includes a number of particles that can be easily
exported and imported into other templates. The template guide covers
the parameters used in our shader driven particle system. We've created
several variations using the same shader each time to demonstrate the
various types of effects you can create.

## Tutorial

## Guide

### Exporting & Importing Particles

The Particles Template includes a number of particles that you can use
in your Lens experiance. To use one of the included particles in another
template, you need to first export the particle. To do this, select the
particle in the `Objects` panel, right click and select `Export Object`.
Then, in the Lens project you want to import the particle to, right
click in the `Objects` panel and select `Import Object`.

### Simple Particles

To demonstrate the functionality that you can achieve with scripting in
conjunction with the particle material we've constructed a number of
simple particles including Rain, Snow, Blizzard, Bokeh and Sparkles.
Each simple particle has an `Intensity` slider that allows you to easily
increase or decrease the intensity of the effect. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/particle_template_rain.png)

### Spawn Over Time

Some effects you may want to spawn over time in which there are 0
particles at the start and over time they begin to emit. This is done by
using a couple of scripts we've provided. 

You can attach the scripts `ExternalTimeController.js` and
`GlobalTime.js` and bind them both to the Initialize event in the
inspector panel. Place these script on the SceneObject that contains the
MeshVisual referencing the particle material you'd like to control.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/particle_template_script.png)

Next, enable the `External Time` box for the material you'd like to
control the time for. In this example we've done this for our smoke
effect material.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/particle_template_material.png)

The particles should start to spawn from 0 once you refresh the view in
Lens Studio. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/particle_smoke_lifetime.gif)

## Creating and Modifying Particles

Refer to the [Particles](/guides/general/particles) guide for additional
information on using and creating particles. 

## Related Guides

Please refer to the guides below for additional information:

  - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
