# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - Face
      - [Paper Head](/templates/face/paper-head)
      - [Sunglasses](/templates/face/sunglasses)
      - [Segmentation](/templates/face/segmentation)
      - [Team Celebrate](/templates/face/team-celebrate)
      - [Face in Picture](/templates/face/face-in-picture)
      - [2D Objects](/templates/face/2d-objects)
      - [Distort](/templates/face/distort)
      - [Face Paint](/templates/face/face-paint)
      - [Photo](/templates/face/photo)
      - [Baseball Cap](/templates/face/baseball-cap)
      - [3D Objects](/templates/face/3d-objects)
      - [Trigger](/templates/face/trigger)
      - [Cricket Helmet](/templates/face/cricket-helmet)
  - World
      - [Cutout](/templates/world/cutout)
      - [Face Image Picker](/templates/world/face-image-picker)
      - [Static Object](/templates/world/static-object)
      - [Animated Object](/templates/world/animated-object)
      - [Particles](/templates/world/particles)
      - [Portal](/templates/world/portal)
      - [Picture Frame](/templates/world/picture-frame)
      - [Look Around](/templates/world/look-around)
      - [Window](/templates/world/window)
  - Interactive
      - [Simple High Score](/templates/interactive/simple-high-score)
      - [High Score](/templates/interactive/high-score)
      - [Soundboard](/templates/interactive/soundboard)
      - [Fullscreen](/templates/interactive/fullscreen)
      - [Interactive Tap](/templates/interactive/interactive-tap)
      - [Interactive Path](/templates/interactive/interactive-path)
      - [Interactive
        Approach](/templates/interactive/interactive-approach)
      - [Interactive Look
        At](/templates/interactive/interactive-look-at)
  - Marker
      - [Marker](/templates/marker/marker)
      - [Marker with Snapcode](/templates/marker/marker-with-snapcode)
  - Object
      - [Pet](/templates/object/pet)
      - [Hand](/templates/object/hand)
      - [Body](/templates/object/body)
  - [Landmarker (Beta)](/templates/landmarker)
  - [Beginner Templates](/templates/beginner-templates)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Templates](/templates)
  - [World](/templates/world)
  - Static Object

# Static Object

The Static Object Template allows you to add a 3D object to the world
that the user can walk towards and around. The template gives you access
to manipulation control which allows the user to move, scale and rotate
the object.  

## Tutorial

## Guide

### Exporting 3D Content

The Static Object Template assumes that you have a 3D object which
you'll be importing into Lens Studio. First you must export your object
to be Lens Studio ready. To do this, follow the [3D Object
Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export) guide.

### Importing 3D Content

Once you have your 3D object exported, follow the [3D Object
Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import) guide to import your 3D object into
Lens Studio.

### Adding the World Object

After importing, the 3D object will be automatically included in the
`Objects` panel and should also be visible in the `Scene` panel. Next,
you'll want to drag your newly imported object to be a child of the
`WorldObjectController` object. You can now delete the template's
placeholder objects labeled with `[REPLACE_ME]`.

![Static Object
Template](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img/static_object_template_add_asset.gif)

### Tuning the Object's Transform

In the `Scene` panel, you can position, scale, rotate the world object
relative to the origin. In the Lens, the world object will automatically
be placed in front of the user and locked to the world.

![Static Object
Template](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img/static_object_template_tune_transform.gif)

### Tuning the Collision

The `TouchCollision` object represents the area the user must touch to
manipulate (scale, move and rotate) the scene. In the `Objects` panel,
select the `TouchCollision` object and scale it to roughly match the
size of your world object.

![Static Object
Template](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img/static_object_template_tune_collision.gif)

### Adding the Shadow

If you want to add a real-time shadow to your experience, first select
your world object in the `Objects` panel. Find the object(s) with the
`Mesh Visual` component. In the `Inspector` panel, set the `Shadow Mode`
drop down to `Caster`. Here, you're also able to tune the shadow's
intensity via the `Shadow Density` slider.

![Static Object
Template](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img/static_object_template_add_shadow.gif)

### Previewing Your Lens

You're now ready to preview your world Lens experience. To preview your
Lens in Snapchat, follow the [Pairing to
Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat) guide.

## Script Interface

### WorldObjectController.js

  - `Use Ground Grid (bool)` - When enabled, a circular grid will appear
    underneath the world object when the user touches the object. This
    grid helps visualize the surface the content is attached to. Setting
    to false will disable the ground grid visualization

  - `Touch Collision Material (Asset.Material)` - The material used by
    the touch collision mesh. In Lens Studio's scene panel, the mesh is
    visualized with a semi transparent material. When running in Lens,
    this material is made invisible

  - `Ground Grid (SceneObject)` - A reference to the ground grid object

## Related Guides

Please refer to the guides below for additional information:

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
  - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
  - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
  - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
