# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [Submitting](/guides/submission)
  - Performance and Optimization

# Performance and Optimization

## Performance Requirements

The following performance requirements are mandatory for all Lenses
created in Lens Studio. If the Lens does not meet these requirements, it
will not be approved for use in Snapchat. To check your Lens'
performance, follow the [Pairing to
Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat) guide. For more
information, please refer to the [Lens Submission
Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines).

  - **Frame Rate:** Generally, you should target `30 FPS` for your Lens.
    Below are the minimum frame rate performance requirements
      - **iOS:** The Lens should run at `27 FPS` at a minimum on iPhone
        6 and higher
      - **Android:** The Lens should run at `15 FPS` at a minimum on
        Samsung Galaxy S6 and higher
  - **Memory:** In Snapchat, the Lens should consume a maximum of `120
    MB` RAM memory. The optimal RAM memory we recommend is under `100
    MB`
  - **Lens Size:** Once submitted, the Lens should be no more than `4
    MB` and optimally less than `2 MB` for quicker Lens download. The
    Lens size is displayed in the Lens' [Project
    Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
  - **Texture Size:** No texture should exceed `2048 x 2048` resolution
  - **3D Models: **Try to keep your models under `10,000 triangles
    (5,000 polys assuming your model is built with quads)` for best
    performance. Lens Studio will not allow you to import a model that
    has more than `65,535 vertices`

## Optimization Best Practices

The following best practices should be used to optimize Lenses created
in Lens Studio:

  - **Texture Transparency:** `PNG` with transparency is supported in
    Lens Studio; however, only use `PNG` if you need transparency. If
    the creative allows, use `JPG` to save texture space

  - **Texture Compression:** For the majority of 2D textures, use some
    form of compression to reduce the Lens size

  - **Object Count: **Each item in the `Objects` panel is an individual
    object. Each object you add to your project has an impact on
    performance. Try to keep the number of objects as low as possible.
    For complex projects, don't exceed more than `500` objects in your
    `Objects` panel

  - **Anti Aliasing:** Turning off `Anti Aliasing` can result in a big
    performance boost for Lenses. To disable `Anti Aliasing` select the
    `Camera Output` texture in the `Resources` panel. Then, in the
    `Inspector` panel make sure `FXAA` and `MXAA` are disabled. You can
    also experiment with a single option enabled. Generally, `MSAA` will
    help soften edges while `FXAA` helps soften the entire image

  - **3D Models:** In general, stay under `10,000 triangles`` (5,000
    polys assuming your model is built with quads)  `rendered at one
    time. If you need to push beyond this, you'll have to pay close
    attention to your Frame Rate performance. Lens Studio will not allow
    you to import a model that has more than `65,535 vertices`

  - **3D Textures:** For 3D Normal and Material Params textures, often
    their resolution can be much smaller than the Base Color texture

  - **3D Animation:** In general, stay under `100 joints` for your
    animation rig. Additionally, while the engine does support Blend
    Shape animation, try to avoid using it. If Blend Shapes are
    required, use sparingly and pay close attention to your frame rate
    performance

  - **Render Targets: **Try to limit the number of Render Targets your
    Lens uses. Two cameras that share the same Render Target is more
    performance that two cameras with two different Render Targets. And
    often, in this example, the same result can be achieved

  - **Vertex Animation: **Vertex animation can be costly for all
    performance metrics: Frame Rate, Memory and Size on Disk. Pay close
    attention to the Lens performance requirements when using vertex
    animation

  - **3D Animation Length:** Try to keep your animations less than `10
    seconds` (the length of a Snap). If you need to push beyond this,
    you'll have to pay close attention to your Lens size

  - **Scripting:** When writing scripts, try to tie logic to events
    rather than per frame updating. Only use the script update event if
    you're unable to get desired functionality from the other events
    available

  - **Audio:** Use MP3 for all audio assets. In most cases, convert the
    MP3 to `mono` and use a lower bit rate to help save space in the
    exported Lens package

**Warning  
**Even if you follow all of the above Best Practices your Lens still
might not comply with the performance requirements. In these cases,
you'll have to simplify the concept and remove resources.

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
