# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [Submitting](/guides/submission)
  - Sponsored Lenses

# Submitting Your Sponsored Lens

Before submitting your Sponsored Lens, make sure you have configured
your “Project Info”. For more information about configuring project
info, please refer to the [Configuring Project
Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info) guide.  

Next, make sure your Lens meets the performance requirements detailed in
the [Performance and
Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization) guide.

Finally, remember that all Sponsored Lens submissions and purchases are
subject to Snap’s [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/), [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/), [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/), and the [Self-Serve
Advertising
Terms](https://businesshelp.snapchat.com/a/self-serve-ad-terms).

**Note**  
All sponsored lenses must display a [brand name or brand
logo](https://businesshelp.snapchat.com/a/lens-specs) and conform to
Snap’s [Ad Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/). Otherwise, the
lens will be rejected in Ads Manager when it is used in an advertising
campaign.

To begin the submission process, click the Submit Lens button in the top
left corner of Lens Studio (you’ll see it next to the Project Info
button mentioned above). This will open the “My Lenses” window.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/submit_button-jan2019.png)

## Logging In

If you aren’t already, you’ll have to log into your Snapchat account.
This gives Lens Studio permission to manage Lenses under your account.

**Note**  
Use the same Snapchat account you use to sign into [Ads
Manager](https://forbusiness.snapchat.com/tools/).

This involves three steps

1.  Enter your credentials
2.  Authorize Lens Studio to access your account
3.  Return to “My Lenses”

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/Submission/login-steps.png)

## Confirm Submission

Since you’re submitting this Lens for the first time you’ll need to
select whether this is a Sponsored Lens or a Community Lens. For Lenses
that are to be distributed as an ad product within Snapchat, **select
Sponsored Lens**. For Community Lenses, see our other guide for
[Submitting Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens).

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/Submission/select-lens-type.png)

**Warning**  
If you do not see the screen above then your account may not be set up
correctly, or you may have logged in with the wrong account. Your
Snapchat account should be associated with an Ad Account that has access
to Lens self-serve. Talk to your Snap Account Manager or read more about
[Ads Manager](https://forbusiness.snapchat.com/tools/).

After selecting the type of Lens you’re submitting you need to choose
which Organization and Ad Account this Lens will belong to. If you don’t
see the correct Organizations or Ad Accounts here then your Snapchat
account may not have been added with the correct permissions. Talk to
your account manager or read more about [Ads
Manager](https://forbusiness.snapchat.com/tools/) to resolve this.

It is **important** to make sure you select the correct Ad Account here,
as the Lens cannot be moved out of an Ad Account once submitted.
However, you can still submit the same Lens project to another account.
See below for additional information.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/confirm-submission-jan2019.png)

  

## In Review

Once you’ve submitted your Lens it will be “In Review”. This ensures the
Lens is valid and adheres to technical and performance guidelines.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/in-review-jan2019.png)

  

After being reviewed the status of your Lens will be either “Action
Needed” or “Invalid”.

## Action Needed - Using Your Snapcode

Once your Lens is no longer “In Review” it should have a status of
“Action Needed” – if it’s “Invalid” then you have some issues to fix
first.

A temporary, unique Snapcode will be generated that will allow you and
any of your trusted stakeholders to unlock the Lens and review it.

  - When unlocked the Lens will remain in the Lens Carousel for 1 hour
  - You can scan the Snapcode anytime to unlock the Lens again
  - There is no limit to the number of times the Lens can be unlocked
  - The Snapcode is **valid for 1 week** – this time resets each time
    you update the Lens
  - This Snapcode is **not for public distribution**

**Warning**  
Your Lens is in development and is highly confidential. Only share your
Snapcodes with trusted individuals belonging to your organization and/or
the advertiser.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/status-ready-jan2019.png)

  

## Invalid - Fixing Your Lens

Each time you submit a new version of your Lens it will run through a
review process. If your Lens does not meet the technical guidelines, it
may fail and result in your Lens status being “Invalid”.

Common failure points include memory consumption, texture sizes, and low
frame rates. For tips and help please read our guide on [Performance and
Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization).

**Note**  
Until your Lens passes review the Snapcode will still only unlock the
last valid version of the Lens, if a previous version passed
successfully.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/status-invalid-jan2019.png)

  

## Development Cycle

Once you get your Snapcode and have shared with your various
stakeholders you will likely start getting feedback for fixes and
tweaks. No problem, you can update your Lens as many times as you like.

To update your Lens you follow similar steps to submitting for the first
time. Click Submit Lens, confirm the submission and the Lens will
transition to “In Review” status.

The confirmation screen will show you details about the Lens you are
updating, which includes the Organization and Ad Account. Please double
check you are updating the correct Lens as this **cannot be undone**.

Updating a Lens will not change its Snapcode, so your stakeholders can
continue to review the Lens with no interruptions. If you do wish to get
a new Snapcode you will have to submit the Lens project as a new Lens,
see below.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/Submission/confirm-update.png)

### Update a Different Lens

It is possible to update different Lenses that you’ve previously
submitted. This may be required when you are using a single Lens project
as a base and are making adjustments across different iterations of the
Lens, or perhaps your Lens Studio project is linked to the wrong Lens.

You will be presented with two options. “Submit” and “Update Existing”.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/upload-options-jan2019.png)

  

Click **Update Existing** and select the Lens from the list that you
wish to update. If you belong to more than one organization you have the
option to switch between them.  

If you don’t see the Lens you’re looking for it may be because you’ve
selected the wrong organization or the Lens status is “In Review” or
“Finalized”. Remember that finalized Lenses cannot ever be updated,
see below for more about finalizing Lenses.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/pick-lens-jan2019.png)

  

After selecting the correct Lens you will be asked to confirm the
update.

### Submitting as a New Lens

If you need to submit a new version of a finalized Lens, or you want to
get a different Snapcode, then you can submit your project as a new
Lens. The steps to follow are similar to “Updating a different Lens”
above, but instead of selecting “Update Existing” you choose “Submit”.

The submission flow will start from the beginning as if you were
submitting the Lens for the first time. After it passes the “In Review”
stage you will receive a new Snapcode for your Lens.

## Finalize - Commit Lens to Ads Manager

The final step will commit your Lens into Ads Manager where it can be
attached to a campaign by the advertiser and distributed to
Snapchatters\!

**Warning**  
After your Lens is finalized it **cannot** be updated. You will have to
submit the project as a new Lens, as described above.

Before you finalize your Lens, make sure you have thoroughly tested it
on a variety of devices and have creative sign off from the client. Once
a Lens is finalized and it has been sent to Ads Manager it **cannot be
updated**.  

If you do need to update later for any reason you can submit the Lens
Studio project as a new Lens. This will provide you with a new Snapcode
and the opportunity to test and review your content again.

**Tip**  
To save yourself some time make sure you read the [Performance and
Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization) guide
and Snap’s [Ad Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) **before
finalizing your lens**. All sponsored lenses must display a [brand name
or brand logo](https://businesshelp.snapchat.com/a/lens-specs) and
conform to Snap’s [Ad Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/).
Otherwise, the lens will be rejected in Ads Manager when it is used in
an advertising campaign.

### Finalize Your Lens

To begin the finalization process your Lens should have an “Action
Needed” status. Click the blue **Finalize for Ads Manager** button next
to your Lens and follow the prompts.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/Submission/confirm-finalize.png)

Your **description** should be brief and describe the content of the
Lens, any triggers it may have, and the intended audience (if you have
this information). The more accurate your description, the easier the
review process will be.  

You will also need to provide a **preview video**. This is a video snap
of the Lens in action. It serves two purposes: it helps the advertiser
find the Lens in Ads Manager (it’s the visual representation of the
Lens) and it aids our Ad Review team to speed up the review process.

The preview video should trigger any interactions the Lens has and, if
it has a world component as well as face, record from both cameras. The
video should be no longer than 10 seconds.

## Ads Manager

After your Lens is finalized it will be available as a media object in
the target Ad Account and ready to turn into a **Creative** that can be
attached to your new campaign.

For more information about Ads Manager please take a look at this
helpful [overview of Ads
Manager](https://forbusiness.snapchat.com/tools/).

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
