# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [Submitting](/guides/submission)
  - Community Lenses

# Submitting Your Lens

Before submitting your Lens, make sure you have configured your project
info. For more information about configuring your project info, please
refer to the [Configuring Project
Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info) guide. Next, make
sure your Lens meets the performance requirements detailed in the
[Performance and
Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization) guide.
Finally, make sure the Lens you are submitting meets our [Submission
Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines).   

To submit, select the `Publish Lens` button in the top left corner of
Lens Studio. This opens the `My Lenses` window. If you have not
configured your project info, the project info window will be opened
instead. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/submission_guide_publish_lens.png)

## Log Into Snapchat

You'll now be prompted to log into Snapchat. The username and password
are the same ones you use for your Snapchat account.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/Submission/login-1.png)

Next, you'll be prompted to authorize Lens Studio. Click `Authorize`. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/Submission/login-2.png)

  

Once authorized, click `Continue` on the "Back to Lens Studio" prompt. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/Submission/login-3.png)

## Confirm Submission

If you're logged in (see above), you'll be prompted to confirm your Lens
submission.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/submitting_your_lens_submission_preview.png)

Before submitting your Lens, we recommend creating a preview video. If
you have added your preview video in the `Project Info` window, you do
not need to add another one here. For more information on creating a
preview video, follow the [Creating a Preview
Video](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video) guide.   

Click `Submit` to submit your Lens.

### New Lens

If you're submitting this Lens for the first time you will receive a new
Snapcode after your Lens has been successfully submitted. After upload,
your Lens will be `In Review` for a short time and then it will go
`Live`. See the section on Lens statuses below.

### Update Your Lens

After you have successfully submitted your Lens and received your
Snapcode you may want to make changes to your Lens project. That's
easy\! After you've made changes to your Lens you can click the `Submit
Lens` button in Lens Studio again.

The Confirm Submission window will be displayed and all you need to do
is confirm by clicking `Upload`.

Every update will first enter the `In Review` status again. Don't
worry\! During this period the current version of your Lens will remain
active and people will still be able to scan and unlock your existing
Snapcode.

### Update a Different Lens Using the Same Project

If you want, you can also update another Lens with the same Lens
project. 

First, click the arrow on the right side of the `Submit` confirmation
button.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/submit_arrow.png)

You will see a new panel pop up with some upload options...

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/Submission/upload-options.png)

Click `Update Existing` and you will be shown a list of your previously
submitted Lenses that can be updated.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/PickALens.png
"Pick a Lens")

**Note**  
If you aren't seeing any Lenses, then you may not have submitted any
yet, or they may be `In Review` and cannot be updated.

## My Lenses

Once you've uploaded your Lens, you'll be taken to the `My Lenses`
portal. Here, you can see all Lenses that you've uploaded and monitor
the submission process. You can also get to the `My Lenses` portal
through the drop down to the right of the `Submit` button or by
selecting `Window -> My Lenses` in the menu bar. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/My-Lenses-Submission.png)

## Lens Statuses

Below you will find a brief description for each state your Lens could
be in. Your Lens's current status is displayed in the `Status` column of
the `My Lenses` portal.

### In Review

While the Lens is waiting to be approved, the Lens will show as `In
Review` under `Status`. If this is the first time you've submitted this
Lens you won't yet have a Snapcode or any Lens stats.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/submission_in_review_lens.png)

### Live

Lenses that are live will show as `Live` under `Status`. Click the Lens
container in the `My Lenses` window to expand the Lens item. You will
now see the Snapcode associated with the Lens. With this Snapcode, you
are now able to share your Lens to others for use in Snapchat\!

Selecting the `Share` button and `Copy Lens Link` will copy a link to
your clipboard that you can also share. For Snapchatters, clicking the
link on their mobile device will automatically open Snapchat and prompt
them to download the Lens.   

Selecting the `Share` button and `Download Snapcode` will give you a
high-res image of the Snapcode.

For best practices when sharing, please refer to the [Sharing Your
Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens) guide. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Lens-Submit-Share.png)

### Offline

Sometimes you may want to take a Lens offline. You can do this any time
by clicking the `Deactivate` button.

If a lens has been deactivated, the lens will show `Offline` under
`Status`. While a Lens is offline, the Snapcode will be deactivated and
anybody who scans it will be shown an error message.

At any time, you can make it `Live` again by clicking
the `Activate` button.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Lens-Submit-Activate.png)

**Note**  
When deactivating (or reactivating) a Lens it can sometimes take
approximately 10 minutes before the Snapcode stops working.

### Invalid

Sometimes there might be a technical issue with your Lens. If this is
the case, the status of your Lens will show as `Invalid`. There will be
one or more reasons shown to help you debug and fix your Lens. You can
then submit an update. Please refer to the [Submission
Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines) under "Technical
Requirements" for some reasons why it may be invalid.

If the Lens has already been Live and it's just your most recent
submission that is `Invalid,` the previous version will remain active
and it can still be used by Snapchatters.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/invalid-lens-a.png)

### Rejected

If the lens has been rejected, the lens will show `Rejected` under
`Status`. For more information on why a lens might have been rejected,
please refer to the [Submission
Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines). When your Lens is
rejected, it can no longer be unlocked.

However, if your Lens has been rejected you have the opportunity to
modify your Lens Project, fix the content, and submit an update.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Lens-Rejected-2.png)

<span id="lens_id" class="anchor"></span>

## Lens ID

Each Lens has a unique identifier. This is useful for being able to
distinguish different Lenses you have submitted if they have a similar
name or icon.

It will also be needed for entering our [Challenges](/challenges) or
possible support requests.

To copy your Lens ID go to My Lenses and hover over the label below your
Snapcode. **Click**, and your Lens ID will be copied to your clipboard.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/click-lens-id.png)

## Related Guides

Please refer to the guides below for additional information:

  - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
  - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
  - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)

  

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
