# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [Face](/guides/face)
  - Face Effects Overview

# Face Effects Overview

## Introduction

Lens Studio provides a variety of Face Effects you can add to your
Lenses. These effects range from face modifications which require no
assets, to attachments requiring simple 2D textures, to more complex
effects with 3D animated assets. These effects can be used on their own
or together, and can be applied to one or more faces.

## Face Effects

This guide provides a general overview of each available Face Effect in
Lens Studio.

### Face Retouch

The [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch) effect offers
a number of features for retouching the user's face. These features
include Soft Skin, Teeth Whitening, Eye Sharpening and Eye Whitening.
The Face Retouch object works best when subtly applied to the face. All
face templates utilize a very subtle Face Retouch effect enabled by
default. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/s3Dx-face-overview-7.png)

  

### Eye Color

The [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color) effect allows you
to change the color of the user's eyes. It also allows you to create
subtle eye reflections with the more advanced Texture mode.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/s3Dx-face-overview-0.gif)

  

### Face Liquify

The [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify) effect
spherically warps the face. You are able to configure how big and how
intense the effect is. The Face Liquify object is perfect for making
funny or exaggerated faces. See the [Distort](/templates/face/distort)
template for an example.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/s3Dx-face-overview-1.gif)

  

### Face Stretch

The [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch) effect allows
you to stretch points of the user's face. It’s perfect for creating fun
and playful face expressions. See the [Distort](/templates/face/distort)
template for an example.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/s3Dx-face-overview-2.gif)  

  

### Face Inset

The [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset) object allows you
to map a feature of your face (e.g. eyes) to other areas of your face.
This allows you to, for example, replace your eyes with mouths or map an
eye to the center of your forehead. See
the [Distort](/templates/face/distort) template for an example.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/s3Dx-face-overview-3.gif)

  

### Face Mask

The [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask) effect maps a 2D
texture to your face. The texture appears to be painted on your skin and
contorts with facial movements. It’s great for full face masks but also
can be used to create realistic makeup. See the [Face
Paint](/templates/face/face-paint) and [Photo](/templates/face/photo)
template for an example.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/s3Dx-face-overview-4.gif)

  

### 2D Face Attachment

The [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image) effect attaches a
2D textured plane to your head. See the [2D
Objects](/templates/face/2d-objects) template for an example.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/s3Dx-face-overview-9.gif)

  

### 3D Face Attachment

You can use a similar technique to attach 3D objects as well by
replacing the 2D image with a 3D Mesh Visual. See the [3D
Objects](/templates/face/3d-objects) template for an example and the
[Head Attached 3D
Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects) guide for
more information.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/s3Dx-face-overview-5.gif)

  

### Face Texture

The [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture) effect allows
you to get a your Camera texture centered around a part of your face. It
can be used, for example, for creating a picture in picture effect, or
for applying a user’s face to a 3D object in your Lens.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/s3Dx-face-overview-8.png)

### Face Image Picker Texture

The [Face Image Picker
Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture) resource
allows you to get an image from your device's camera roll centered
around a face. It can be used to apply the face of a person saved to
your camera roll to a 3D object in your Lens scene. The texture is very
similar to [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture) but is
driven by the device's camera roll instead of the live camera. In fact,
if you have a project that's already using [Face
Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture), simply replacing that
texture with a [Face Image Picker
Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture) will
upgrade it to a from camera roll experience. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/VKgkU8_1_7_0/img/face_image_picker_example.gif)

## Face Interactivity

Additionally, you can use facial movements to trigger behaviors in your
lens. Example of facial triggers include:

  - Opens mouth
  - Smile
  - Raise eyebrows
  - Kiss

For a more complete list see the [Events API
page](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/api/Events/). See the
[Trigger](/templates/face/trigger) template for an example. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/s3Dx-face-overview-6.gif)

  

## Related Guides 

Please refer to the guides below for additional information: 

  - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
  - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
  - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
  - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
  - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
  - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
  - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
  - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
  - [Head Attached 3D
    Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
