# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - Face
      - [Paper Head](/templates/face/paper-head)
      - [Sunglasses](/templates/face/sunglasses)
      - [Segmentation](/templates/face/segmentation)
      - [Team Celebrate](/templates/face/team-celebrate)
      - [Face in Picture](/templates/face/face-in-picture)
      - [2D Objects](/templates/face/2d-objects)
      - [Distort](/templates/face/distort)
      - [Face Paint](/templates/face/face-paint)
      - [Photo](/templates/face/photo)
      - [Baseball Cap](/templates/face/baseball-cap)
      - [3D Objects](/templates/face/3d-objects)
      - [Trigger](/templates/face/trigger)
      - [Cricket Helmet](/templates/face/cricket-helmet)
  - World
      - [Cutout](/templates/world/cutout)
      - [Face Image Picker](/templates/world/face-image-picker)
      - [Static Object](/templates/world/static-object)
      - [Animated Object](/templates/world/animated-object)
      - [Particles](/templates/world/particles)
      - [Portal](/templates/world/portal)
      - [Picture Frame](/templates/world/picture-frame)
      - [Look Around](/templates/world/look-around)
      - [Window](/templates/world/window)
  - Interactive
      - [Simple High Score](/templates/interactive/simple-high-score)
      - [High Score](/templates/interactive/high-score)
      - [Soundboard](/templates/interactive/soundboard)
      - [Fullscreen](/templates/interactive/fullscreen)
      - [Interactive Tap](/templates/interactive/interactive-tap)
      - [Interactive Path](/templates/interactive/interactive-path)
      - [Interactive
        Approach](/templates/interactive/interactive-approach)
      - [Interactive Look
        At](/templates/interactive/interactive-look-at)
  - Marker
      - [Marker](/templates/marker/marker)
      - [Marker with Snapcode](/templates/marker/marker-with-snapcode)
  - Object
      - [Pet](/templates/object/pet)
      - [Hand](/templates/object/hand)
      - [Body](/templates/object/body)
  - [Landmarker (Beta)](/templates/landmarker)
  - [Beginner Templates](/templates/beginner-templates)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Templates](/templates)
  - [Face](/templates/face)
  - 2D Objects

# 2D Objects

The 2D Objects Template provides a base for creating Face Lenses that
attach 2D art to your head. The template contains example assets that
can be toggled to try out different looks. This guide covers how to try
out the various example art, and how to add your own artwork as an
Image, as well.

## Tutorial

## Guide

### Playing with Example Assets

In the `Objects` panel, under the `2D Objects Examples
[REMOVE_ME]` object you can find all the provided example face
accessories that can be mixed and matched to make a custom Lens.

To enable an accessory, click the checkbox to the right of its name in
the `Objects` panel.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/2d_objects_example_assets.gif)

### Adding Your Own 2D Textures

To add your own 2D textures to the template, drag and drop your image to
the `Resources` panel.

It's important to use optimized images for Lens size and performance
reasons. Follow these guidelines to create optimized texture resources:

  - Image dimensions should never be greater than 2048 x 2048 pixels
  - Non-transparent images should be saved using JPEG. Transparent
    images should be saved using PNG
  - Try compressing images to reduce the Lens size

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/face-sprite-template-3.gif)

### Adding Your Texture to a Face Image

To add your texture to the scene, in the `Objects` panel, select `Add
New -> Face Effects -> Face Image`. In the `Inspector` panel, click the
`Texture` field and select your newly imported texture. You can also
directly drag your texture from the `Resources` panel to the Texture
field. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/2d_objects_add_texture.gif)

### Positioning Your Face Image

In the `Scene` panel, you can position and resize your assets to fit the
face in the `Preview` panel. You can also rotate the selected Face Image
by holding down `Alt` and dragging inside the Face Image container. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/2d_objects_position_sprite.gif)

Alternatively, you can use common face attachment points by tuning the
`Attach to Point` dropdown found on the Head Binding component. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/2d_objects_attach_to_point.gif)

### Previewing Your Lens

You're now ready to preview your Face Lens experience. To preview your
Lens in Snapchat, follow the [Pairing to
Snapchat](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
guide.

## Related Guides

Please refer to the guides below for additional information:

  - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
  - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
  - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
