# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - Face
      - [Paper Head](/templates/face/paper-head)
      - [Sunglasses](/templates/face/sunglasses)
      - [Segmentation](/templates/face/segmentation)
      - [Team Celebrate](/templates/face/team-celebrate)
      - [Face in Picture](/templates/face/face-in-picture)
      - [2D Objects](/templates/face/2d-objects)
      - [Distort](/templates/face/distort)
      - [Face Paint](/templates/face/face-paint)
      - [Photo](/templates/face/photo)
      - [Baseball Cap](/templates/face/baseball-cap)
      - [3D Objects](/templates/face/3d-objects)
      - [Trigger](/templates/face/trigger)
      - [Cricket Helmet](/templates/face/cricket-helmet)
  - World
      - [Cutout](/templates/world/cutout)
      - [Face Image Picker](/templates/world/face-image-picker)
      - [Static Object](/templates/world/static-object)
      - [Animated Object](/templates/world/animated-object)
      - [Particles](/templates/world/particles)
      - [Portal](/templates/world/portal)
      - [Picture Frame](/templates/world/picture-frame)
      - [Look Around](/templates/world/look-around)
      - [Window](/templates/world/window)
  - Interactive
      - [Simple High Score](/templates/interactive/simple-high-score)
      - [High Score](/templates/interactive/high-score)
      - [Soundboard](/templates/interactive/soundboard)
      - [Fullscreen](/templates/interactive/fullscreen)
      - [Interactive Tap](/templates/interactive/interactive-tap)
      - [Interactive Path](/templates/interactive/interactive-path)
      - [Interactive
        Approach](/templates/interactive/interactive-approach)
      - [Interactive Look
        At](/templates/interactive/interactive-look-at)
  - Marker
      - [Marker](/templates/marker/marker)
      - [Marker with Snapcode](/templates/marker/marker-with-snapcode)
  - Object
      - [Pet](/templates/object/pet)
      - [Hand](/templates/object/hand)
      - [Body](/templates/object/body)
  - [Landmarker (Beta)](/templates/landmarker)
  - [Beginner Templates](/templates/beginner-templates)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Templates](/templates)
  - [Face](/templates/face)
  - Cricket Helmet

# Cricket Helmet

The Cricket Helmet Template lets users create a customizable cricket
helmet. This template is a great starting point to easily feature your
own 2D artwork in a Face Lens. It comes with a configurable 3D cricket
helmet which you can recolor and decorate with any image you like. 

The template also features Face Mask Effects you can recolor and
replace. This guide covers how to customize the cricket helmet and face
mask effects, as well as how to import your own custom logo and face
mask patterns.  

## Download

### [Download the Cricket Helmet Template](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/files/cricket_helmet_template.zip)

## Guide

To customize the cricket helmet, select the `Cricket Helmet Controller
[EDIT_ME]` object in the `Objects` panel and adjust its settings in the
`Inspector` panel. The sections below walk through each of the
customizable settings.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_SelectObject.gif)

### Changing the Logo

You can replace the logo on the cricket helmet by changing the `Logo
Texture` property to the texture of your choosing.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_ChangeLogo.gif)

The template includes a few example logos you can try out. You can find
them in the `Resources` panel under the "Logos" folder.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_Presets.png)

To bring in your own image as a logo, select `Add New -> Import Files`
in the `Resources` panel. Alternatively, you can drag and drop any image
from your computer to the `Resources` panel.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_ImportFiles.gif)

### Adjusting the Logo

You can adjust the logo size using the `Logo Size` slider.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_ChangeSize.gif)

You can adjust the logo position using the `Logo Offset X` and `Logo
Offset Y` sliders.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_ChangeOffset.gif)

You can also adjust the logo's appearance by changing the `Logo Blend
Mode` dropdown. Available blend modes are Normal, Screen, and Multiply.

### Coloring the Cricket Helmet

You can edit the cricket helmet 's color in the `Inspector` panel by
changing the `Helmet Cap Color` and `Helmet Cushions Color` properties.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_ChangeColor.gif)

### Toggling the Face Paint

You can turn the face paint effect on or off by checking the `Show Face
Paint` checkbox.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_ToggleFacePaint.gif)

### Recoloring the Face Paint

You can change the colors used in the face paint by adjusting the
`Primary Face Paint Color` and `Secondary Face Paint Color` properties
in the `Inspector` panel.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_RecolorFacePaint.gif)

### Changing the Face Paint Patterns

You can change the Face Paint pattern by selecting a default pattern
from the dropdown labeled `Face Paint Pattern`.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_ChangingFacePaintPattern.gif)

### Creating Custom Face Paint Patterns

You can use your own textures to create a Face Paint pattern by
unchecking the box labeled `Use Default Pattern`.

To bring in your own image as a face paint pattern texture, select `Add
New -> Import Files` in the `Resources` panel, or drag and drop any
image from your computer to the `Resources` panel.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_ImportFiles.gif)

You can replace the face paint pattern textures by changing the `Primary
Face Paint Texture` and `Secondary Face Paint Texture` properties.

### Toggling the Cricket Bat Animation

The template include a 2D Animation which can be trigger to play when
you open your mouth by default.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_AnimatedSprites.gif)

You can also change the animation trigger by changing the `Animation
Trigger` dropdown.

You can choose time in seconds before the event can be triggered again
by changing the `Trigger Disable Time`.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/Cricket_Helmet_ChangeAnimationTrigger.gif)

## Previewing Your Lens

You're now ready to preview your Face Lens. To preview your Lens in
Snapchat, follow the [Pairing to
Snapchat](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
guide.

## Related Guides

Please refer to the guides below for additional information:

  - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
  - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
  - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-mask)
  - [Head Attached 3D Objects](/guides/face/head-attached-3d-objects)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
