# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - Face
      - [Paper Head](/templates/face/paper-head)
      - [Sunglasses](/templates/face/sunglasses)
      - [Segmentation](/templates/face/segmentation)
      - [Team Celebrate](/templates/face/team-celebrate)
      - [Face in Picture](/templates/face/face-in-picture)
      - [2D Objects](/templates/face/2d-objects)
      - [Distort](/templates/face/distort)
      - [Face Paint](/templates/face/face-paint)
      - [Photo](/templates/face/photo)
      - [Baseball Cap](/templates/face/baseball-cap)
      - [3D Objects](/templates/face/3d-objects)
      - [Trigger](/templates/face/trigger)
      - [Cricket Helmet](/templates/face/cricket-helmet)
  - World
      - [Cutout](/templates/world/cutout)
      - [Face Image Picker](/templates/world/face-image-picker)
      - [Static Object](/templates/world/static-object)
      - [Animated Object](/templates/world/animated-object)
      - [Particles](/templates/world/particles)
      - [Portal](/templates/world/portal)
      - [Picture Frame](/templates/world/picture-frame)
      - [Look Around](/templates/world/look-around)
      - [Window](/templates/world/window)
  - Interactive
      - [Simple High Score](/templates/interactive/simple-high-score)
      - [High Score](/templates/interactive/high-score)
      - [Soundboard](/templates/interactive/soundboard)
      - [Fullscreen](/templates/interactive/fullscreen)
      - [Interactive Tap](/templates/interactive/interactive-tap)
      - [Interactive Path](/templates/interactive/interactive-path)
      - [Interactive
        Approach](/templates/interactive/interactive-approach)
      - [Interactive Look
        At](/templates/interactive/interactive-look-at)
  - Marker
      - [Marker](/templates/marker/marker)
      - [Marker with Snapcode](/templates/marker/marker-with-snapcode)
  - Object
      - [Pet](/templates/object/pet)
      - [Hand](/templates/object/hand)
      - [Body](/templates/object/body)
  - [Landmarker (Beta)](/templates/landmarker)
  - [Beginner Templates](/templates/beginner-templates)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Templates](/templates)
  - [Face](/templates/face)
  - Face Paint

# Face Paint

The Face Paint Template lets you create a Face Lens that maps a 2D
texture to your face. The texture appears to be painted on your skin and
reshapes with facial movements. This template is great for creating full
face masks or to apply realistic makeup effects. Additionally,
the guide includes a Photoshop template for guided painting on the
face.   

## Tutorial

## Guide

### Download the Photoshop Template

[Face Paint Photoshop
Template](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/files/face_paint_photoshop_template.zip)  

### Using the Photoshop Template

The Photoshop template contains different Artboards to help you create
your face paint textures.

Three Artboards are used as a canvas for your textures. You can see how
the different Artboards can be used later in this guide.

  - **Full - **this Artboard is mapped to the “Full” face mask in Lens
    Studio
  - **Eye - **this Artboard is mapped to the “Eye” face mask in Lens
    Studio
  - **Lips - **this Artboard is mapped to the “Lips” face mask in Lens
    Studio

**Note**  
The `Anchors` and `Reference` layers are used purely for visual
reference. Feel free to hide these layers. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/face-substitution-teplate-4.png)

To get started, you can create a layer in Photoshop under the Artboard
which contains the face section you want to work on and paint on this
layer.   

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/face-substitution-teplate-6.gif)

When you’re ready to export, select the Artboard you’re working in, and
in the menu bar select `File > Export > Artboards to Files`.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/face-substitution-teplate-5.png)

In the `Artboard to Files` options, choose PNG as the file type if you
have transparency, or JPEG if you don’t. Make sure to have `Artboard
Content Only` and `Export Selected Artboards` checked.  

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/face-substitution-teplate-7-small.png)

### Adding the 2D Texture

Once you've exported your texture(s), you can add them to Lens Studio by
dragging and dropping them into the `Resources` panel.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/x7yZgWpMpDYXNbm_Face/img/face-substitution-teplate-3.gif)

### Using Your Texture

With your texture imported, find the `Face Paint Template Source` object
in the `Objects` panel. Underneath are multiple Face Mask effect
objects that correspond to the available Artboards in the Photoshop
template (Eye, Lips and Full). Duplicate the one that corresponds to the
texture you created by selecting it in the `Objects` panel, right
clicking and selecting `Duplicate`. Next, select your new object and in
the `Inspector` panel, set the `Texture` field to your imported
texture. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/face_paint_template_update_texture.gif)

Additionally, you can change each Face Mask Effect’s `Blend
Mode` and `Alpha` to adjust the appearance of your texture.

### Previewing Your Lens

You're now ready to preview your world Lens experience. To preview your
Lens in Snapchat, follow the [Pairing to
Snapchat](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
guide.

## Related Guides

Please refer to the guides below for additional information:

  - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
