# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - Face
      - [Paper Head](/templates/face/paper-head)
      - [Sunglasses](/templates/face/sunglasses)
      - [Segmentation](/templates/face/segmentation)
      - [Team Celebrate](/templates/face/team-celebrate)
      - [Face in Picture](/templates/face/face-in-picture)
      - [2D Objects](/templates/face/2d-objects)
      - [Distort](/templates/face/distort)
      - [Face Paint](/templates/face/face-paint)
      - [Photo](/templates/face/photo)
      - [Baseball Cap](/templates/face/baseball-cap)
      - [3D Objects](/templates/face/3d-objects)
      - [Trigger](/templates/face/trigger)
      - [Cricket Helmet](/templates/face/cricket-helmet)
  - World
      - [Cutout](/templates/world/cutout)
      - [Face Image Picker](/templates/world/face-image-picker)
      - [Static Object](/templates/world/static-object)
      - [Animated Object](/templates/world/animated-object)
      - [Particles](/templates/world/particles)
      - [Portal](/templates/world/portal)
      - [Picture Frame](/templates/world/picture-frame)
      - [Look Around](/templates/world/look-around)
      - [Window](/templates/world/window)
  - Interactive
      - [Simple High Score](/templates/interactive/simple-high-score)
      - [High Score](/templates/interactive/high-score)
      - [Soundboard](/templates/interactive/soundboard)
      - [Fullscreen](/templates/interactive/fullscreen)
      - [Interactive Tap](/templates/interactive/interactive-tap)
      - [Interactive Path](/templates/interactive/interactive-path)
      - [Interactive
        Approach](/templates/interactive/interactive-approach)
      - [Interactive Look
        At](/templates/interactive/interactive-look-at)
  - Marker
      - [Marker](/templates/marker/marker)
      - [Marker with Snapcode](/templates/marker/marker-with-snapcode)
  - Object
      - [Pet](/templates/object/pet)
      - [Hand](/templates/object/hand)
      - [Body](/templates/object/body)
  - [Landmarker (Beta)](/templates/landmarker)
  - [Beginner Templates](/templates/beginner-templates)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Templates](/templates)
  - [Face](/templates/face)
  - Team Celebrate

# Team Celebrate

The Team Celebrate Template allows you to create a sports themed team
celebration Lens. This template comes with configurable face paint and
confetti which you can easily recolor with your team’s colors. You can
also easily add your team’s logo to the face or screen.

## Tutorial

## Guide

### Customizing the Team Celebrate

To customize the team celebrate template, select the `Team Celebrate
Controller [Edit Me]` object in the `Objects` panel and adjust its
settings in the `Inspector` panel.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/team_celebrate_objects_panel.png)

**Tip**  
For this template, you can completely ignore the 3D Scene panel in the
center of Lens Studio. You just need to edit the `Team Celebrate
Controller [Edit Me]` object in the `Inspector` panel

### Set Team Colors

You can edit the team colors by changing the `Primary Color` and
`Secondary Color` properties. You can enable `Use Tertiary Color` if you
want to use a third color for the Face Paint and Confetti. These will
modify the colors used for the Face Paint and the Confetti. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/team_celebrate_colors.png)

### Set Team Logo

You can replace the logo by changing the `Team Logo` property. To bring
in your own image as a logo, select `Add New -> Import Files` in the
`Resources` panel. Alternatively, you can drag and drop any image from
your computer to the `Resources` panel. The Team Logo is used for the
Face Logo and the Screen Logo.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/team_celebrate_logo.png)

### Tune Confetti

Confetti falls from the sky colored with your team colors.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/team_celebrate_confetti.png)

  - **Show Confetti** - Enable to show confetti, disable to hide
    confetti
  - **Confetti Intensity** - Drag to increase or decrease the amount of
    confetti 
  - **Custom Color Confetti** - By default, the confetti uses the team
    colors. You can override the colors by enabling this checkbox

### Tune Face Paint

Paint the user’s face with your team colors and selected pattern. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/team_celebrate_face_paint.png)

  - **Show Face Paint** - Enable to show face paint, disable to hide
    face paint
  - **Face Paint Type** - Select the style of the face paint. The
    Vertical Three and Horizontal Three styles support a tertiary team
    color
  - **Face Paint Alpha** - Drag to increase or decrease the transparency
    of the face paint
  - **Custom Color Face Paint** - By default, the face paint uses the
    team colors. You can override the colors by enabling this checkbox

### Tune Face Logo

Place the team logo on the user’s face in a predefined position.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/team_celebrate_face_logo.png)

  - **Show Face Logo** - Enable to show face logo, disable to hide face
    logo
  - **Face Logo Type** - Select the style of the face logo 
  - **Face Logo Alpha** - Drag to increase or decrease the transparency
    of the face logo

### Tune Screen Logo

Place the team logo on the screen in a predefined position.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/team_celebrate_screen_logo.png)

  - **Show Screen Logo** - Enable to show screen logo, disable to hide
    screen logo
  - **Logo Position** - Select from Top Right, Top Left, Bottom Right
    and Bottom 
  - **Left Logo Alpha** - Drag to increase or decrease the transparency
    of the screen logo 
  - **Logo Size** - Adjust the size of the logo 
  - **Logo Offset X** - Adjust the horizontal position 
  - **Logo Offset Y** - Adjust the vertical position

### Tune Banner

Place a banner image on the screen and tune its position.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/team_celebrate_screen_banner.png)

  - **Show Banner** - Enable to show banner, disable to hide banner
  - **Team Banner** - Image that will be fit horizontally on the screen 
  - **Team Banner Alpha** - Drag to increase or decrease the
    transparency of the banner 
  - **Banner Offset Y** - Adjust the vertical position

### Add Audio

Add sound to your Lens by enabling Audio. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Templates/img_new/team_celebrate_audio.png)

  - **Audio** - Enable to use audio
  - **Audio Track** - Select an mp3. To import a mp3 to your project,
    drag and drop an mp3 into your `Resources` panel 
  - **Looping** - Enable to loop the sound, else it will play just once 
  - **Volume** - Drag to increase or decrease the volume of the audio

## Submitting Your Lens

You’re now ready to submit your Lens\! Follow the below guides:

  - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
  - [Configuring Project
    Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
  - [Submitting Your Lens](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
  - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
