# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - Getting Started

# Getting Started

Lens Studio is a real-time tool for creating Snapchat Lenses. It allows
you to create both Face Lenses (front camera experiences) and World
Lenses (rear camera experiences). The tool allows creators, from 3D
professionals to Photoshop hobbyists, to create their own customized
Lens experience. 

Lens Studio includes a number of [Templates](/templates) to help you get
started making Snapchat Lenses. For building Face Lenses, make sure to
check out the wide variety of [Face Templates](/templates/face) that
Lens Studio offers. For building World Lenses, make sure to check out
the wide variety of [World Templates](/templates/world) that Lens Studio
offers. 

If you're new to working in Lens Studio, please watch the following
overview video. 

## Lens Studio Panels

![Getting
Started](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/img/getting_started_panels.png)

Lens Studio is made up of a group of modular panels. Any panel can be
moved and scaled to better suit your needs. Below is a brief summary of
each [panel](/guides/general/panels):

  - **Scene:** Visualize your Lens scene in 3D space. The `Scene` is
    where you're able to manipulate the position, scale and rotation of
    3D objects. The `Scene` panel will automatically transitions to the
    2D Scene mode when working with Face Effects, Screen Image and Post
    Effect.
  - **Objects:** Lists all objects that make up your current scene.
    Objects can be parented to one another through a simple drag and
    drop. Note that 2D objects (e.g. `Screen Image`) are rendered in the
    order they are arranged in the `Objects` panel (i.e. the bottommost
    objects are rendered in front of topmost objects)
  - **Inspector:** Edit any parameters on any selected object.
    Additionally, you're able to add components to the selected object.
    Components are functional building blocks for the objects you create
  - **Resources:** Import new assets into your project and manage
    existing assets. For more information on managing resources, follow
    the [Importing and Updating
    Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources) guide
  - **Logger:** Shows debug messages outputted by script via the `print(
    message )` function alongside any warning or error messages
  - **Preview:** Presents your Lens experience running in real-time.
    Lens Studio comes with a series of preview videos which include
    tracking data. With these videos, you'll be able to preview what
    your Lens would look like in the world or applied to a face
  - **Scene Config**: Controls live and capture render target settings

Additionally, at any time, pressing the `Pair Your Device` button allows
you to pair your Snapchat application to Lens Studio. When paired,
you're able to see your Lens in real-time from within Snapchat. Please
refer to the [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
guide for more information  

For more details on each of Lens Studio's panels, please refer to the
[](/guides/general/panels)[](/guides/general/panels)[Panels](/guides/general/panels)
guide. For details on the tools available in Lens Studio's toolbar,
please refer to the [Toolbar and
Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts) guide.

## Lens Studio Documentation

The Lens Studio documentation will help you make the most of Lens
Studio. Below is a summary of each documentation section:

  - [Guides](/guides): Detailed walkthroughs of each Lens Studio
    feature. The guides are broken out into general, 2D, 3D, scripting
    and submission sections
  - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview): A high
    level overview of each Face Effect Lens Studio offers
  - [Templates](/templates): Instructions for each template included in
    Lens Studio. The templates are great starting points for building
    your own Lens. Each template guide has a tutorial video to help you
    get started
      - [Face Templates](/templates/face): These templates are designed
        for building Face Lenses (front camera experiences)
      - [World Templates](/templates/world): These templates are
        designed for building World Lenses (rear camera experiences)
  - [Scripting API](/api): A complete reference for Lens Studio's
    Javascript API
  - [FAQ](/support): If you have any additional questions that the
    documentation can't solve, go to our FAQ page where you can see
    previously answered questions or ask something new

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
