# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - General
      - [Panels](/guides/general/panels)
      - [Toolbar and Shortcuts](/guides/general/toolbar-and-shortcuts)
      - [Previewing Your Lens](/guides/general/previewing-your-lens)
      - [Pairing to Snapchat](/guides/general/pairing-to-snapchat)
      - [Importing and Updating
        Resources](/guides/general/importing-and-updating-resources)
      - Tracking
          - [Tracking Modes](/guides/general/tracking/tracking-modes)
          - [Marker Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/marker-tracking)
          - [Object Tracking](/guides/general/tracking/object-tracking)
      - [Camera and Layers](/guides/general/camera)
      - [Particles](/guides/general/particles)
      - [Segmentation](/guides/general/segmentation)
      - [Prefabs](/guides/general/prefabs)
  - Face
      - [Face Effects Overview](/guides/face/face-effects-overview)
      - Face Effects
          - [Face Mask](/guides/face/face-effects/face-mask)
          - [Face Image](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image)
          - [Head Attached 3D
            Objects](/guides/face/face-effects/head-attached-3d-objects)
          - [Face Retouch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-retouch)
          - [Face Stretch](/guides/face/face-effects/face-stretch)
          - [Eye Color](/guides/face/face-effects/eye-color)
          - [Face Liquify](/guides/face/face-effects/face-liquify)
          - [Face Inset](/guides/face/face-effects/face-inset)
          - [Face Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-texture)
          - [Face Image Picker
            Texture](/guides/face/face-effects/face-image-picker-texture)
      - [Working with Multiple
        Faces](/guides/face/working-with-multiple-faces)
      - [Combining World and
        Face](/guides/face/combining-face-templates-with-world-templates)
  - 2D
      - [Image](/guides/2d/image)
      - [Text](/guides/2d/text)
      - [Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform)
      - [2D Animation](/guides/2d/2d-animation)
      - [Post Effect](/guides/2d/post-effect)
      - [Video](/guides/2d/video)
      - [2D Optimization](/guides/2d/2d-optimization)
      - [Image Picker Texture](/guides/2d/image-picker-texture)
      - [GIPHY Import](/guides/2d/giphy-import)
  - 3D
      - [3D Object Export](/guides/3d/3d-object-export)
      - 3D Software
          - [Maya, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/maya-3d-object-export)
          - [Blender, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/blender-3d-object-export)
          - [Cinema 4D, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/cinema-4d-3d-object-export)
          - [3ds Max, 3D Object
            Export](/guides/3d/3d-software/3ds-max-3d-object-export)
      - [3D Object Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-import)
      - 3D Object Formats
          - [FBX, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/fbx-3d-object-import)
          - [OBJ, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/obj-3d-object-import)
          - [glTF, 3D Object
            Import](/guides/3d/3d-object-formats/gltf-import)
      - [3D Animation](/guides/3d/3d-animation)
      - [Vertex Animation](/guides/3d/vertex-animation)
      - Texturing
          - [Substance
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/substance-texturing)
          - [Photoshop
            Texturing](/guides/3d/texturing/photoshop-texturing)
      - [Materials](/guides/3d/materials)
      - [Light and Shadow](/guides/3d/light-and-shadow)
      - [Occluders](/guides/3d/occluders)
      - [Pin To Mesh](/guides/3d/pin-to-mesh)
  - [Audio](/guides/audio)
  - [Audio Effect](/guides/audio-effect)
  - Scripting
      - [Scripting Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview)
      - [Scripting Example](/guides/scripting/scripting-example)
      - [Script Events](/guides/scripting/script-events)
      - Helper Scripts
          - [Behavior](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/behavior)
          - [Tween
            Manager](/guides/scripting/helper-scripts/tween-manager)
      - [Playing 3D Animation](/guides/scripting/playing-3d-animation)
      - [Manipulation](/guides/scripting/manipulation)
      - [Touch Input](/guides/scripting/touch-input)
      - [Persistent Storage](/guides/scripting/persistent-storage)
      - [Custom Script UI](/guides/scripting/custom-script-ui)
      - [Debugging](/guides/scripting/debugging)
      - [Scripting Hints](/guides/scripting/scripting-hints)
  - Submitting
      - [Submission
        Guidelines](/guides/submission/submission-guidelines)
      - [Performance and
        Optimization](/guides/submission/performance-and-optimization)
      - [Creating an Icon](/guides/submission/creating-an-icon)
      - [Configuring Project
        Info](/guides/submission/configuring-project-info)
      - [Lens Hints](/guides/submission/lens-hints)
      - [Preview Videos](/guides/submission/creating-a-preview-video)
      - [Community Lenses](/guides/submission/submitting-your-lens)
      - [Sponsored Lenses](/guides/submission/sponsored-lenses)
  - Sharing
      - [Sharing Your Lens](/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
      - [Snapcodes](/guides/sharing/snapcodes)
      - [Unlocking Lenses](/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
      - [Lens Visibility
        Settings](/guides/sharing/lens-visibility-settings)
  - [Snap Camera](/guides/snap-camera)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - Snap Camera

# Snap Camera

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_select_lens.gif)

Snap Camera lets you apply Lenses to your face while using your
computer's webcam. Utilize Snap Camera in your favorite third party live
streaming or video chat applications by selecting Snap Camera as your
webcam device. Refer to the links below to download and learn more about
Snap Camera.   

  - [Download Snap Camera](/snap-camera/download)
  - [Snap Camera, Getting Started](/snap-camera/guides/getting-started)
  - [Snap Camera, Streaming](/snap-camera/guides/streaming)
  - [Snap Camera, Twitch
    Extension](/snap-camera/guides/twitch-extension)
  - [Snap Camera, Settings](/snap-camera/guides/settings)

## Lens Compatibility

When you build a Lens using Lens Studio, users will be able to unlock
them in both [Snapchat](https://www.snapchat.com/) and [Snap
Camera](http://snapcamera.snapchat.com). That said, there are somethings
to be aware of when making Lenses that are intended to be used with Snap
Camera. 

  - **Landscape Resolution **- When using a Lens in Snap Camera, it is
    rendered in Landscape resolution. For Face Effects, this doesn't
    really matter because the effects are attached to the face and not
    the screen. This is most important to keep in mind when using things
    that are attached to the screen like Screen Image. Please refer to
    the [Supporting Landscape Resolution](#landscape_resolution) section
    below
  - **Device Tracking **- Snap Camera does not support device tracking
    like Surface, World and Rotation. Lenses that are loaded in Snap
    Camera that utilize Device Tracking are treated as if the Device
    Tracking component is disabled. Or put another way, it will render
    the camera exactly as its positioned in your scene without the
    device tracking component taking over
  - **Touch **- Snap Camera Lenses can trigger the Tapped event via a
    keyboard shortcut as long as it's a full screen tap. The keyboard
    shortcut trigger will not trigger the Touch Start, Touch Move or
    Touch End event. All touch events are supported via mouse click but
    these mouse interactions need to happen in Snap Camera's
    preview. Please refer to the [Using Tapped Event for
    Interaction](#tapped_event) section below
  - **Face Events** - Face Events like Mouth Opened and Brows Raised
    work great with Snap Camera\! When using Face Events though, keep in
    mind that streamers using Snap Camera might often be talking or
    raising their eyebrows. Consider using the [Tapped
    Event](#tapped_event) if you want to give streamers precise control
  - **Audio **- Snap Camera doesn't support Audio. Note, Lenses can
    still have audio and it will work when unlocked in Snapchat
  - **Audio Effects **- Similarly, Snap Camera doesn't support Audio
    Effect. Note, Lenses can still have an Audio Effect and it will work
    when unlocked in Snapchat
  - **Marker Tracking **- Marker tracking is not supported at this time
    when using Snap Camera
  - **Front Camera **- Snap Camera always opens to the front camera and
    can never switch to the back camera. Keep this in mind when using
    the CameraFrontEvent and CameraBackEvent in your Lens

## Unlocking Lenses in Snap Camera

To unlock your Lens in Snap Camera, simply search for the Lens name in
the Snap Camera search bar. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guides_lens_studio_search.gif)

**Note  
**If you just submitted your Lens, you might need to wait a short period
of time before the Lens is searchable in Snap Camera.

## Building Lenses for Snap Camera

### Supporting Landscape Resolution

Lenses are rendered in Landscape resolution when using Snap Camera. If
you are using only [Face Effects](/guides/face/face-effects-overview),
your Lens will likely work great because the content is tracked to the
face and isn't dependent on device resolution. For any Lens that use
elements attached to the screen like [Screen Image](/guides/2d/image)
and [Screen Text](/guides/2d/text), you need to make sure to account for
the Landscape resolution in your design so your Lens looks great in Snap
Camera.

**Previewing in Landscape** 

In Lens Studio, we first should test how are Lens looks in both Portrait
and Landscape resolution. To do this, in the `Preview` panel, select the
`Device Simulation` dropdown at the bottom of the panel. Then, in the
dropdown, select `Landscape`. This preview mode will allow you to see
how your Lens will look like in Snap Camera. Make sure to always test
your Lens in this mode when creating Lenses that work great in both Snap
Camera and Snapchat\!

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/Guides/T2kuv7A_2_0_0/img/snap_camera_landscape.gif)

**Responsive UI with Screen Transform**  

Screen Transform allows you to add UI elements to the screen that are
responsive to the device's resolution. The Screen Transform allows you
to pin Images and Text to edges and corners of the device and also
configure if the Image will be Fixed Width or Fixed Height. Refer to the
[Screen Transform](/guides/2d/screen-transform) guide for more
information. 

### Using Tapped Event for Interaction

Snap Camera allows you to trigger Tapped events via a keyboard hotkey.
In the Snap Camera settings, users can configure this by assigning
`Trigger Lens Effect` to a keyboard key or key combination. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_trigger.png)

To add logic to the Tapped event. Create a new object with a Script
Component. Make sure the Script Component is assigned to a script
resource. With the object selected, in the `Inspector` panel, set the
event dropdown to `Tapped`. This script's logic will now be triggered
when the user taps the screen and also when the user trigger's the Lens
effect via the Snap Camera hotkey. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guides_lens_studio_bind_to_tapped_event.gif)

For more information on scripting, follow the [Scripting
Overview](/guides/scripting/scripting-overview).   

**Tip  
**Check out the [Fullscreen](/templates/interactive/fullscreen) template
which allows you to transition between different Lens states via the
Tapped event. This is a great way to incorporate interactions for Snap
Camera users without writing any custom script.   

### Detecting Snap Camera vs. Snapchat

You can script your Lens to behave differently on Snap Camera vs.
Snapchat. Use the below script, called `isSnapCamera`, to check if the
Lens is running on Snap Camera or Snapchat.

    // -----JS CODE-----
    // @input Asset.Texture deviceCameraTexture
    if( isSnapCamera( script.deviceCameraTexture ) )
    {
        print( "Lens running on Snap Camera" );
    }
    else
    {
        print( "Lens running on Snapchat" );
    }
    function isSnapCamera( cameraTexture )
    {
        if( cameraTexture )
        {
            var width = cameraTexture.getWidth();
            var height = cameraTexture.getHeight();
       
            if( width > height )
            {
                return true;
            }
        }
        return false;
    }

### Adjusting Camera Far Plane

When using Snap Camera, the content is often farther from the camera
than when using the same Lens in Snapchat. Because of this, you need to
make sure your camera's far plane is adjusted to support content further
away from the camera. To check this, select your scene's perspective
camera. With the camera selected, in the `Inspector` panel, verify that
the `Far` setting is set to 1000 or greater. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guides_lens_studio_far.png)

**Note**  
If you are using Lens Studio [Templates](/templates) or have never
adjusted your camera's `Far` setting, likely your camera will be already
set in this way  

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
