# [Snap Camera](/)

  - [Snap Camera](/)
  - [Video Tutorial](/#tutorial-section)
  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [FAQ](/support)
  - [Lens Studio](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com)

[Download](/download)

[](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - [Streaming](/guides/streaming)
  - [Twitch Extension](/guides/twitch-extension)
  - [Settings](/guides/settings)
  - [Creating a Lens](/guides/creating-a-lens)
  - [Uninstalling Snap Camera](/guides/uninstalling-snap-camera)
  - [Contact Us](/guides/contact-us)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - Getting Started

# Getting Started

## Overview

Snap Camera lets you apply Lenses to your face while using your
computer's webcam. Utilize Snap Camera in your favorite third party live
streaming or video chat applications by selecting Snap Camera as your
webcam device. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_select_lens.gif)

For [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/) streamers, Snap Camera also has a
powerful Twitch Extension that works hand-in-hand with the Snap Camera
application. The [Snap Camera Twitch
Extension](/guides/twitch-extension) allows your audience to unlock the
Lenses you use in your stream and activate special Lenses when viewers
subscribe to your channel.  

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_example.gif)

## Download Snap Camera

To start using Snap Lenses on your desktop computer, first [Download
Snap Camera](/download)\! 

Once downloaded, on Windows, double click the `.exe` to install. On
MacOS, double click the `.pkg` to install.

### System Requirements

  - **Operating System:** Windows 10 (64 bit); MacOS 10.11+
  - **Hardware:** Minimum of Intel Core i3 2.5Ghz or AMD Phenom II
    2.6Ghz with 4 GB RAM; Intel HD Graphics 4000 / Nvidia GeForce 710 /
    AMD Radeon HD 6450; screen resolution of 1280x768 or higher

## Select a Lens

With Snap Camera opened, you'll see a preview of your computer's
physical webcam. To apply a Lens to the input video, simply select a
Lens from the `Featured` Lenses.   

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_select_lens.gif)

Scroll down in the Lens selection section to select from the `Top
Community Lenses`. These are Lenses created by the community using [Lens
Studio](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/), the tool for building
Snapchat Lenses. 

## Using Snap Camera as Webcam

Snap Camera creates a virtual webcam on your computer. When Snap Camera
is open, it takes the input of a physical webcam and then augments it
with the selected Lens. This augmented video is then output to the Snap
Camera virtual webcam. In your application that supports webcam input,
select `Snap Camera` from the list of webcams to utilize the augmented
video.

### Restart Webcam Enabled Application

If your webcam enabled application was running prior to opening Snap
Camera, you have to restart the application for it to recognize Snap
Camera the first time you use it. For example, if you are using OBS,
close and reopen OBS to see Snap Camera as a selectable camera. 

**Tip  
**If you don't see Snap Camera as a selectable webcam, restart the
application you are using  

**Tip  
**Browsers like Google Chrome need to be restarted as well before web
applications like Google Hangouts can utilize Snap Camera  

### Selecting Snap Camera in OBS Studio

As an example, we'll walk through how to select Snap Camera in [OBS
Studio](https://obsproject.com/), a widely used broadcast software for
live streaming. 

In OBS Studio, we'll add a new input source by clicking the `Add` button
under `Sources`. Then, we'll select `Video Capture Device`. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_obs_add_source.png)

When configuring the new device, select `Snap Camera` from the `Device`
drop down. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_obs_select_device.png)

OBS Studio will now be using the Snap Camera virtual webcam in the same
way it utilizes a physical webcam.   

For more information on streaming with Snap Camera, visit the
[Streaming](/guides/streaming) guide. 

## Favoriting Lenses

You can favorite Lenses which allows you to easily select them later. To
favorite a Lens, click the `Star` button in the top left corner of a
Lens. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_favorite_lens.gif)

To select from your favorites, click the `Star` button in the top left
corner of Snap Camera. Then, select from your favorite Lenses. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_select_favorite_lens.gif)

**Note**  
Hotkeys can be assigned to favorited Lenses. For more information on
assigning hotkeys, refer to the [Settings](/guides/settings) guide.   

## Searching for Lenses

To unlock a Lens by name in Snap Camera, click the `Search Lenses`
search bar. Then search for Lenses by name or creator name. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guides_lens_studio_search.gif)

## Sharing Lenses

All Lenses that can be used in Snap Camera can also be used and shared
in Snapchat. Lenses can be shared to your viewers through the following
methods. 

### Twitch Extension

If you are utilizing Snap Camera while streaming on
[Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/), the best way to share Lenses back to
your viewer is to use the Snap Camera Twitch Extension. To setup the
Snap Camera Twitch Extension, follow the [Twitch
Extension](/guides/twitch-extension) guide. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_twitch_extension.gif)

### Snapcode Overlay

For other video chat or streaming platforms, you can also show the
active Lens Snapcode by enabling `Show Snapcode Overlay` in Snap
Camera's [Settings](/guides/settings). Your viewers will be able to scan
this Snapcode to unlock the Lens for themselves using Snapchat. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_show_snapcode.png)

### Snapcode URL

All Lenses have a Snapcode URL which can be shared anywhere you can
share a clickable link. For example, you can paste this link to your
stream's chat for your viewers to unlock the Lens. To get the Snapcode
URL, click the Lens Snapcode to the right of the camera preview. Once
expanded, click the `Copy Lens Link` button. This will copy the URL to
your clipboard for sharing. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_copy_lens_link.gif)

To learn how to unlock a Lens in Snapchat, refer to the [Unlocking
Lenses](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses/)
guide. For more information on sharing Lenses on Snapchat, refer to the
[Sharing
Lenses](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/guides/sharing/sharing-your-lens)
guide.   

## Support

For additional Snap Camera support, please visit the [Snap Camera
Support](https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/article/snap-camera-faq)
page. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_getting_started_graphic.gif)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit
Support](https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/i-need-help?start=5726855856390144)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
