# [Snap Camera](/)

  - [Snap Camera](/)
  - [Video Tutorial](/#tutorial-section)
  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [FAQ](/support)
  - [Lens Studio](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com)

[Download](/download)

[](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - [Streaming](/guides/streaming)
  - [Twitch Extension](/guides/twitch-extension)
  - [Settings](/guides/settings)
  - [Creating a Lens](/guides/creating-a-lens)
  - [Uninstalling Snap Camera](/guides/uninstalling-snap-camera)
  - [Contact Us](/guides/contact-us)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - Settings

# Settings

## Open Settings

To open the Snap Camera settings, select the `Settings` icon in the top
right corner of Snap Camera. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_select.png)

## Selecting Webcam

If you have multiple webcams connected to your computer, you can select
the webcam you want Snap Camera to use. Select the camera in the `Choose
Your Camera` dropdown. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_select_camera.png)

## Setting Webcam Resolution

If you would like to modify the resolution or frame rate of your web
camera, you can do it in Settings. For best quality and performance
please make sure that resolution and FPS settings in Snap Camera match
those in OBS or your other app of choice.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/files/Screen-Shot-2019-03-13-at-7.42.01-PM.png)

Please note that this feature is available only on Windows for now.  

## Flip Video Preview

The output of Snap Camera is not-mirrored for the best viewer
experience. For the Snap Camera preview, we flip the video preview so it
behaves like a mirror. Disable the `Flip Video Preview` toggle to
preview exactly how viewers will see the non-mirrored output. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_select_video.png)

**Note**  
By default, `Flip Video Preview` is enabled so that it behaves like you
are looking into a mirror. Because of this, text found in Lenses will
appear mirrored as well in the preview. That said, since the output
video is not flipped, the text will appear correctly to viewers. You can
always disable `Flip Video Preview` to see the non-flipped output
video  

## Snapcode Overlay

Any Lens you use in Snap Camera can be unlocked by scanning the Lens
Snapcode. You can easily share the Snapcode of the Lens your are using
to your viewers by enabling `Show Snapcode Overlay`. This feature is for
sharing Lenses on non-Twitch platforms. For Twitch users, follow the
[Twitch Extension](/guides/twitch-extension) guide. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_show_snapcode.png)

For more information on unlocking Lenses via Snapcode, check out the
[Unlocking
Lenses](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com/guides/sharing/unlocking-lenses)
guide. 

## Configure Trigger Hotkeys

The following hotkeys can be configured in the Snap Camera settings. 

### Turn Lens On / Off

The `Turn Lens On / Off` feature will toggle if the Snap Camera Lens is
active. This allows you to easily switch between using a Lens and not
mid stream. To assign a hotkey, click the `Add Hotkey` button, input the
hotkey and then click `Save`.  

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_turn_on_off.png)

### Trigger Lens Effect

The `Trigger Lens Effect` feature will trigger an interaction in the
selected Lens if supported. Lenses that utilize a full screen tap can be
triggered with this hotkey. To assign a hotkey, click the `Add Hotkey`
button, input the hotkey and then click `Save`.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_trigger.png)

## Configure Favorite Hotkeys

Favorited Lenses can be bound to hotkeys. This allows you to easily
enable your favorite Lenses mid stream. To configure your favorite Lens
hotkeys, first click the `Favorite` button in the top left corner of
Snap Camera.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_favorite_select.png)

Then, click the `Favorite Hotkeys` button in the top right of the
`Favorites` section. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_favorite_select.png)

Next, you'll be able to configure hotkeys for each of your favorite
Lens. When the hotkey is triggered, the favorite Lens will be
activated. To assign a hotkey, click the `Add Hotkey` button, input the
hotkey and then click `Save`.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_favorite_hotkey.png)

## Cache and App Use

You can adjust the cache size Snap Camera uses and also clear history by
clicking the `View` button underneath `Cache & App Use`.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_cache_and_app_use_view.png)

Once selected, you'll be able to configure the cache and history. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_settings_cache_and_app_use_set.png)

  - **Set Cache Size **- The amount of hard disk space dedicated to
    storing Lenses. Lenses are cached so they don't have to be
    re-downloaded. The more space you dedicate to caching Lenses, the
    less likely you'll have to re-download a previously selected Lens.
    Reduce the cache size if you want to limit the hard drive foot print
    of Snap Camera
  - **Clear History, Lens History - **This will clear the history saved
    of your recently selected Lenses
  - **Clear History, Favorite Lenses **- This will clear all of your
    favorited Lenses from your favorites list 
  - **Clear History, Third-party Integrations **- This will clear your
    connected Twitch Extension
  - **Clear History, Cache **- This will clear out all Lenses downloaded
    and cached on your hard drive

Still Looking for help?

[Visit
Support](https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/i-need-help?start=5726855856390144)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
