# [Snap Camera](/)

  - [Snap Camera](/)
  - [Video Tutorial](/#tutorial-section)
  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [FAQ](/support)
  - [Lens Studio](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com)

[Download](/download)

[](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - [Streaming](/guides/streaming)
  - [Twitch Extension](/guides/twitch-extension)
  - [Settings](/guides/settings)
  - [Creating a Lens](/guides/creating-a-lens)
  - [Uninstalling Snap Camera](/guides/uninstalling-snap-camera)
  - [Contact Us](/guides/contact-us)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - Streaming

# Streaming

## Overview

If this is your first time streaming with
[Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/), please refer to Twitch's [Getting
Started](https://help.twitch.tv/customer/portal/topics/301257-getting-started/articles)
and [Beginner
Broadcasting](https://help.twitch.tv/customer/en/portal/topics/925393-beginner-broadcasting/articles)
articles. Also check out these two very comprehensive getting started
guides: [How to Stream on Twitch (Tom's
Guide)](https://www.tomsguide.com/us/how-to-stream-to-twitch,news-21077.html)
and [Beginner's Guide to Streaming on Twitch
(Medium)](https://medium.com/@charliedeets/beginners-guide-to-streaming-on-twitch-dc2a7108fbd7).

Streaming to Twitch or other live stream platforms requires a broadcast
software as detailed in the above getting started guides. The three most
popular broadcast softwares are [OBS Studio](https://obsproject.com/),
[Streamlabs OBS](https://streamlabs.com/streamlabs-obs/) and [XSplit
Broadcaster](https://www.xsplit.com/). The sections below detail how to
select Snap Camera as your webcam in each. Once selected, you will be
able to stream with a Lens using Snap Camera\! 

  - [Snap Camera & OBS Studio](#obs_studio)
  - [Snap Camera & Steamlabs OBS](#streamlabs_obs)
  - [Snap Camera & XSplit Broadcaster](#xsplit_broadcaster)

If you're streaming with Twitch, make sure to also check out the [Twitch
Extension](/guides/twitch-extension) guide for information on how to use
the Snap Camera Twitch Extension. The extension gives your viewers the
ability to unlock the Lenses you use and even change your Lens when they
subscribe to your channel. 

## Snap Camera & OBS Studio

The section below walks through how to add Snap Camera as a webcam
within [OBS Studio](https://obsproject.com/). To start, first open Snap
Camera. Then open OBS Studio. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_obs_1.png)

In OBS Studio, we need to add Snap Camera as a source. To do this, click
the `Plus` button in the bottom left of the `Sources` panel. Then,
select `Video Capture Device`.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_obs_2.png)

This will open the `Create/Select Source` window. Select the `Create
New` button and give the source a name. Then, click the `OK` button.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_obs_3.png)

In the `Properties` window, select `Snap Camera` from the `Device` drop
down menu. Then, click the `OK` button. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_obs_4.png)

You should now have the Snap Camera video feed added to your broadcast
canvas. To learn more about OBS, refer to the [OBS
Help](https://obsproject.com/help) page. 

## Snap Camera & Streamlabs OBS

The section below walks through how to add Snap Camera as a webcam
within [Streamlabs OBS](https://streamlabs.com/streamlabs-obs/). To
start, first open Snap Camera. Then open Streamlabs OBS. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_streamlab_1.png)

In Streamlabs OBS, we need to add Snap Camera as a source. To do this,
click the `Plus` button in the top right corner of the `Sources` panel.
Then, select `Video Capture Device`. Click the `Add Source` button.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_streamlab_2.png)

Give the source a name and click the `Add New Source` button.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_streamlab_3.png)

In the `Settings` window, select `Snap Camera` from the `Device` drop
down menu. Then, click the `Done` button.   

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_streamlab_4.png)

You should now have the Snap Camera video feed added to your broadcast
canvas. To learn more about Stream Labs OBS, refer to the [Streamlabs
OBS Support](https://support.streamlabs.com/hc/en-us) page. 

## Snap Camera & XSplit Broadcaster

The section below walks through how to add Snap Camera as a webcam
within [XSplit Broadcaster](https://www.xsplit.com/). To start, first
open Snap Camera. Then open XSplit Broadcaster. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_xsplit_1.png)

In XSplit Broadcaster, we need to add Snap Camera as a source. To do
this, click the `Add source` button in the bottom left of XSplit
Broadcaster. Then, select `Devices (webcam, capture cards...) -> Video
-> Snap Camera`. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_streaming_xsplit_2.png)

You should now have the Snap Camera video feed added to your broadcast
canvas. To learn more about XSplit Broadcaster, refer to the [XSplit
Broadcaster Support](https://www.xsplit.com/support) page. 

Still Looking for help?

[Visit
Support](https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/i-need-help?start=5726855856390144)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
