# [Snap Camera](/)

  - [Snap Camera](/)
  - [Video Tutorial](/#tutorial-section)
  - [Guides](/guides)
  - [FAQ](/support)
  - [Lens Studio](https://lensstudio.snapchat.com)

[Download](/download)

[](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)
  - [Streaming](/guides/streaming)
  - [Twitch Extension](/guides/twitch-extension)
  - [Settings](/guides/settings)
  - [Creating a Lens](/guides/creating-a-lens)
  - [Uninstalling Snap Camera](/guides/uninstalling-snap-camera)
  - [Contact Us](/guides/contact-us)

<!-- end list -->

  - [Guides](/guides)
  - Twitch Extension

# Twitch Extension

## Overview

For [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/) streamers, Snap Camera has a
powerful Twitch Extension that works hand-in-hand with the Snap Camera
application. The Snap Camera Twitch Extension allows your audience to
unlock the Lenses you use in your stream and activate special Lenses
when viewers subscribe to your channel.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_example.gif)

### Using Lenses

The Snap Camera extension automatically shows your viewers each Lens's
Snapcode when that Lens is activated. This is a fun way for you to allow
your audience to play with the Lenses you are using. Change Lenses at
anytime\! 

### Subscription Lenses

Reward viewers when they subscribe to your channel\! When a viewer
subscribes, they change your Lens to the Lens or Lenses you have
configured for everyone to see. You can set up one Lens for all
subscription tiers, or configure different Lenses for each tier. Once
the Twitch Extension is added, refer to the [Configure Subscription
Lenses](#configure_subscription_lenses) section below. 

**Note**  
Subscription Lenses are only available for channels that are [Twitch
Partners](https://www.twitch.tv/p/partners/)

## Add the Twitch Extension

To add the Snap Camera Twitch Extension to your
[Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/) account, first click the `Twitch`
button in the top right corner of Snap Camera. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_select.png)

Then, when prompted, click the Open Twitch button.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_stream_with.png)

You'll be redirected to your web browser. There, login to your Twitch
account.   

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_login_on_twitch.png)

When logged in, you'll be prompted to authorize Snap Camera for use on
Twitch. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_auth.png)

Once authorized, you'll be prompted to install the Snap Camera Twitch
Extension to your account. Click `Continue`. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_continue.png)

**Note  
**If you've already authorized your Twitch account and need to directly
install or reinstall the Snap Camera Twitch Extension, visit the [Snap
Camera Twitch
Extension](https://www.twitch.tv/ext/pt33xuskm584dpxkqnjs35zlkp406d)
page

Snap Camera is now connected to your Twitch account and the Snap Camera
Twitch Extension is installed\! Next, you need to [Activate the Twitch
Extension](#activate_twitch_extension) for the extension to be visible
in your stream. 

## Activate the Twitch Extension

The Snap Camera Twitch Extension needs to be activated before it is
visible in your stream. To activate, first open your Twitch Dashboard
and select `Extensions` in the left side menu. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_dashboard.png)

There, you should see the Snap Camera Twitch Extension. Select
`Activate` and select either `Set as Component 1` or `Set as
Component 2`. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_set_component.png)

You'll now be prompted to position the `Snap Camera` component. Drag the
Snap Camera square to wherever you want the extension displayed on your
stream. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_set_component_post.gif)

You're now ready to stream with Snap Camera and the Snap Camera Twitch
Extension. Next, follow the [Configure Subscription
Lenses](#configure_subscription_lenses) section below if you want Lenses
that are activated when a viewer subscribes to your channel. 

## Configure Subscription Lenses

Snap Camera when used with the Snap Camera Twitch Extension allows you
to configure Lenses that are activated when viewers subscribe to your
channel. You can set up one Lens for all subscription tiers, or
configure different Lenses for each tier. The section below walks
through the settings used when configuring subscription Lenses. 

**Note**  
Subscription Lenses are only available for channels that are [Twitch
Partners](https://www.twitch.tv/p/partners/)

### Open Twitch Extension Settings

Once you've logged in to Twitch in Snap Camera, the Twitch button in the
top right corner should turn purple. Click it to access the settings for
Subscription Lenses. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_settings.png)

### Activate Subscription Lenses

When enabled, subscription Lenses are active and applied when a viewer
subscribes to your channel. Disable if you want to deactivate this
feature. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_activate_subscription.png)

### Show Subscription Thank You

When enabled, a "Thank You" message will appear in your stream
underneath the Twitch extension with the user name of the new
subscriber. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_show_thank_you.png)

### Enable Lens Change for Re-subscriptions

When disabled, only brand new subscribers will be prompted to subscribe
and can trigger the subscription Lens change. When enabled, brand new
subscribers and also returning subscribers will be prompted to subscribe
and can trigger the subscription Lens change.   

### ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_enable_resubscription.png)

### One Subscription Lens for All Tiers, Enabled

When `One subscription Lens for all tiers` is enabled, you configure a
single Lens that will be triggered for all subscription tiers. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_one_tier.png)

### One Subscription Lens for All Tiers, Disabled

When `One subscription Lens for all tiers` is disabled, you configure a
Lens for each of the subscription tiers (Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3). 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_all_tiers.png)

### Assigning Subscription Lenses

To configure the subscription Lens, click the `Choose Lens` button.
Then, select a Lens from your favorited Lenses. For more information on
favoriting Lenses, please refer to the [Getting
Started](/guides/getting-started) guide.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_assign_lens.gif)

### Subscription Lens Activation Period

When the subscription Lens is activated, it appears in the stream for a
configurable amount of time after the subscription. The Lens then
reverts to the Lens that was previously selected. Use the `Subscription
Lens activation period` to configure the amount of time the subscription
Lens is active. 

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/snapchat-lens-assets/f1a09194-f02d-43ed-92b8-62e843179ff0/lensStudio/SC/TXRcJ4Az_Guides/img/sc_guide_twitch_extension_activation_period.png)

Still Looking for help?

[Visit
Support](https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/i-need-help?start=5726855856390144)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies on this website to help operate our site and for
analytics and advertising purposes. For more on how we use cookies and
your cookie choices, go [here](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)\! By
continuing to use our services, you are giving us your consent to use
cookies.
