# [Lens Studio](/)

  - [Lens Studio](/)
  - [Snap Camera](/snap-camera)
  - [Creators](/creators)
  - [Lenses](/lenses)
  - [News](/news)
  - [Reference](#)
      - [Templates](/templates)
      - [Guides](/guides)
      - [API](/api)
      - [FAQ](/support)
      - [Forum](https://support.lensstudio.com/hc/en-us/community/topics)

[Download](/download)

[](#) [](#)

This site requires JavaScript to be enabled for proper functionality.

  - Classes
      - [AnimatedTextureFileProvider](/api/classes/AnimatedTextureFileProvider)
      - [Animation](/api/classes/Animation)
      - [AnimationClip.PostInfinity](/api/classes/AnimationClip_PostInfinity)
      - [AnimationClip.RangeType](/api/classes/AnimationClip_RangeType)
      - [AnimationLayer](/api/classes/AnimationLayer)
      - [AnimationMixer](/api/classes/AnimationMixer)
      - [AnimationMixerLayer](/api/classes/AnimationMixerLayer)
      - [AnimationTrack](/api/classes/AnimationTrack)
      - [Asset](/api/classes/Asset)
      - [AttachmentPointType](/api/classes/AttachmentPointType)
      - [AudioComponent](/api/classes/AudioComponent)
      - [AudioEffectAsset](/api/classes/AudioEffectAsset)
      - [AudioEffectComponent](/api/classes/AudioEffectComponent)
      - [AudioEffectProvider](/api/classes/AudioEffectProvider)
      - [AudioTrackAsset](/api/classes/AudioTrackAsset)
      - [BinAsset](/api/classes/BinAsset)
      - [BlendShapesVisual](/api/classes/BlendShapesVisual)
      - [BrowsLoweredEvent](/api/classes/BrowsLoweredEvent)
      - [BrowsRaisedEvent](/api/classes/BrowsRaisedEvent)
      - [BrowsReturnedToNormalEvent](/api/classes/BrowsReturnedToNormalEvent)
      - [Camera](/api/classes/Camera)
      - [Camera.DepthBufferMode](/api/classes/Camera_DepthBufferMode)
      - [Camera.DeviceProperty](/api/classes/Camera_DeviceProperty)
      - [Camera.Type](/api/classes/Camera_Type)
      - [CameraBackEvent](/api/classes/CameraBackEvent)
      - [CameraFrontEvent](/api/classes/CameraFrontEvent)
      - [ClearDepth](/api/classes/ClearDepth)
      - [Component](/api/classes/Component)
      - [CullMode](/api/classes/CullMode)
      - [DelayedCallbackEvent](/api/classes/DelayedCallbackEvent)
      - [DeviceLocationTrackingComponent](/api/classes/DeviceLocationTrackingComponent)
      - [DeviceTracking](/api/classes/DeviceTracking)
      - [DeviceTrackingMode](/api/classes/DeviceTrackingMode)
      - [DropshadowSettings](/api/classes/DropshadowSettings)
      - [EyeColorVisual](/api/classes/EyeColorVisual)
      - [FaceFoundEvent](/api/classes/FaceFoundEvent)
      - [FaceImagePickerTextureProvider](/api/classes/FaceImagePickerTextureProvider)
      - [FaceInsetRegion](/api/classes/FaceInsetRegion)
      - [FaceInsetVisual](/api/classes/FaceInsetVisual)
      - [FaceLostEvent](/api/classes/FaceLostEvent)
      - [FaceMaskVisual](/api/classes/FaceMaskVisual)
      - [FaceStretchVisual](/api/classes/FaceStretchVisual)
      - [FaceTextureProvider](/api/classes/FaceTextureProvider)
      - [FaceTrackingEvent](/api/classes/FaceTrackingEvent)
      - [FileTextureProvider](/api/classes/FileTextureProvider)
      - [FloatAnimationTrack](/api/classes/FloatAnimationTrack)
      - [FloatAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/FloatAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [FloatBezierAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/FloatBezierAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [Font](/api/classes/Font)
      - [GeneralDataStore](/api/classes/GeneralDataStore)
      - [Gyroscope](/api/classes/Gyroscope)
      - [Head](/api/classes/Head)
      - [HintsComponent](/api/classes/HintsComponent)
      - [HorizontalOverflow](/api/classes/HorizontalOverflow)
      - [IEventParameters](/api/classes/IEventParameters)
      - [Image](/api/classes/Image)
      - [ImagePickerTextureProvider](/api/classes/ImagePickerTextureProvider)
      - [IntAnimationTrack](/api/classes/IntAnimationTrack)
      - [IntStepAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/IntStepAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [IntStepNoLerpAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/IntStepNoLerpAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [KissFinishedEvent](/api/classes/KissFinishedEvent)
      - [KissStartedEvent](/api/classes/KissStartedEvent)
      - [Label](/api/classes/Label)
      - [LateUpdateEvent](/api/classes/LateUpdateEvent)
      - [LayerSet](/api/classes/LayerSet)
      - [LightSource](/api/classes/LightSource)
      - [LiquifyVisual](/api/classes/LiquifyVisual)
      - [LocalizationSystem](/api/classes/LocalizationSystem)
      - [LocationProximityStatus](/api/classes/LocationProximityStatus)
      - [LookAtComponent](/api/classes/LookAtComponent)
      - [LookAtComponent.AimVectors](/api/classes/LookAtComponent_AimVectors)
      - [LookAtComponent.WorldUpVector](/api/classes/LookAtComponent_WorldUpVector)
      - [ManipulateComponent](/api/classes/ManipulateComponent)
      - [ManipulateEndEvent](/api/classes/ManipulateEndEvent)
      - [ManipulateFrameIntersectResult](/api/classes/ManipulateFrameIntersectResult)
      - [ManipulateStartEvent](/api/classes/ManipulateStartEvent)
      - [ManipulateType](/api/classes/ManipulateType)
      - [MarkerAsset](/api/classes/MarkerAsset)
      - [MarkerProvider](/api/classes/MarkerProvider)
      - [MarkerTrackingComponent](/api/classes/MarkerTrackingComponent)
      - [mat2](/api/classes/mat2)
      - [mat3](/api/classes/mat3)
      - [mat4](/api/classes/mat4)
      - [Material](/api/classes/Material)
      - [MeshBuilder](/api/classes/MeshBuilder)
      - [MeshIndexType](/api/classes/MeshIndexType)
      - [MeshTopology](/api/classes/MeshTopology)
      - [MeshVisual](/api/classes/MeshVisual)
      - [MouthClosedEvent](/api/classes/MouthClosedEvent)
      - [MouthOpenedEvent](/api/classes/MouthOpenedEvent)
      - [ObjectPrefab](/api/classes/ObjectPrefab)
      - [ObjectTracking](/api/classes/ObjectTracking)
      - [OutlineSettings](/api/classes/OutlineSettings)
      - [Pass](/api/classes/Pass)
      - [PersistentStorageSystem](/api/classes/PersistentStorageSystem)
      - [PinToMeshComponent](/api/classes/PinToMeshComponent)
      - [PinToMeshComponent.Orientation](/api/classes/PinToMeshComponent_Orientation)
      - [PostEffectVisual](/api/classes/PostEffectVisual)
      - [ProceduralMeshRenderObjectProvider](/api/classes/ProceduralMeshRenderObjectProvider)
      - [quat](/api/classes/quat)
      - [QuaternionAnimationTrack](/api/classes/QuaternionAnimationTrack)
      - [QuaternionAnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/QuaternionAnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [QuaternionAnimationTrackXYZEuler](/api/classes/QuaternionAnimationTrackXYZEuler)
      - [Rect](/api/classes/Rect)
      - [RenderMesh](/api/classes/RenderMesh)
      - [RenderObjectProvider](/api/classes/RenderObjectProvider)
      - [RenderTargetProvider](/api/classes/RenderTargetProvider)
      - [Resource](/api/classes/Resource)
      - [RetouchVisual](/api/classes/RetouchVisual)
      - [RotationOptions](/api/classes/RotationOptions)
      - [SceneEvent](/api/classes/SceneEvent)
      - [SceneObject](/api/classes/SceneObject)
      - [SceneObjectEvent](/api/classes/SceneObjectEvent)
      - [ScreenRegionComponent](/api/classes/ScreenRegionComponent)
      - [ScreenRegionType](/api/classes/ScreenRegionType)
      - [ScreenTransform](/api/classes/ScreenTransform)
      - [ScriptComponent](/api/classes/ScriptComponent)
      - [ScriptObject](/api/classes/ScriptObject)
      - [ScriptScene](/api/classes/ScriptScene)
      - [SegmentationModel](/api/classes/SegmentationModel)
      - [SegmentationTextureProvider](/api/classes/SegmentationTextureProvider)
      - [SerializableWithUID](/api/classes/SerializableWithUID)
      - [Skin](/api/classes/Skin)
      - [SmileFinishedEvent](/api/classes/SmileFinishedEvent)
      - [SmileStartedEvent](/api/classes/SmileStartedEvent)
      - [SnapcodeMarkerProvider](/api/classes/SnapcodeMarkerProvider)
      - [SpriteAligner](/api/classes/SpriteAligner)
      - [SpriteVisual](/api/classes/SpriteVisual)
      - [StretchMode](/api/classes/StretchMode)
      - [SurfaceOptions](/api/classes/SurfaceOptions)
      - [SurfaceTrackingResetEvent](/api/classes/SurfaceTrackingResetEvent)
      - [TapEvent](/api/classes/TapEvent)
      - [Text](/api/classes/Text)
      - [TextFill](/api/classes/TextFill)
      - [TextFillMode](/api/classes/TextFillMode)
      - [TextProvider](/api/classes/TextProvider)
      - [Texture](/api/classes/Texture)
      - [TextureProvider](/api/classes/TextureProvider)
      - [TouchComponent](/api/classes/TouchComponent)
      - [TouchDataProvider](/api/classes/TouchDataProvider)
      - [TouchEndEvent](/api/classes/TouchEndEvent)
      - [TouchMoveEvent](/api/classes/TouchMoveEvent)
      - [TouchStartEvent](/api/classes/TouchStartEvent)
      - [Transform](/api/classes/Transform)
      - [TurnOffEvent](/api/classes/TurnOffEvent)
      - [TurnOnEvent](/api/classes/TurnOnEvent)
      - [UpdateEvent](/api/classes/UpdateEvent)
      - [UserContextSystem](/api/classes/UserContextSystem)
      - [vec2](/api/classes/vec2)
      - [Vec2AnimationTrack](/api/classes/Vec2AnimationTrack)
      - [Vec2AnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/Vec2AnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [vec3](/api/classes/vec3)
      - [Vec3AnimationTrack](/api/classes/Vec3AnimationTrack)
      - [Vec3AnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/Vec3AnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [Vec3AnimationTrackXYZ](/api/classes/Vec3AnimationTrackXYZ)
      - [vec4](/api/classes/vec4)
      - [Vec4AnimationTrack](/api/classes/Vec4AnimationTrack)
      - [Vec4AnimationTrackKeyFramed](/api/classes/Vec4AnimationTrackKeyFramed)
      - [vec4b](/api/classes/vec4b)
      - [VertexCache](/api/classes/VertexCache)
      - [VerticalOverflow](/api/classes/VerticalOverflow)
      - [VideoStatus](/api/classes/VideoStatus)
      - [VideoTextureProvider](/api/classes/VideoTextureProvider)
      - [Visual](/api/classes/Visual)
  - [Assets](/api/Assets)
  - [Components](/api/Components)
  - [Events](/api/Events)
  - [Global Methods](/api/GlobalMethods)
  - [Global Properties](/api/GlobalProperties)
  - [Scripting Input Types](/api/InputTypes)
  - [Shader Properties](/api/ShaderProperties)

<!-- end list -->

  - [API](/api)
  - ShaderProperties

# Common Shader Properties

-----

### `baseColor` : [`vec4`](/api/classes/vec4)

Specifies the base color (albedo) of the material if the ‘Base Texture’
is disabled. Multiplied with the ‘Base Texture’ otherwise.

## Base Texture

Most materials use a base texture (albedo), but disabling it means the
base texture will be considered white, and ‘Base Color’ will solely
control the color.

-----

### `baseTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

## Opacity Texture

Normally, the Base Texture’s alpha is taken as opacity. Enabling this
allows you to define a separate greyscale opacity texture. The ‘Opacity
Texture’ value will be multiplied with the Base Texture’s alpha (which
is 1 for textures without alpha) to get the final opacity. ‘Opacity
Texture’ is only available if ‘Blend Mode’ is not ‘Disabled’.

-----

### `opacityTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

-----

### `alphaTestThreshold` : `Number`

When the ‘Alpha Test’ blend mode is enabled, pixels with alpha values
lower than this disappear.

## Recolor

Recolor replaces colors in the base texture. This is useful for adding
variety to assets, ex: recolor a red shirt with a green logo to a blue
shirt with a black logo, or any other color combination. Where the base
texture is red, you will get whatever color you set in Recolor Red, and
same thing for the green and blue channels of the base texture. This
also works in combination if the base color is not a pure red, green or
blue color.

-----

### `recolorRed` : [`vec3`](/api/classes/vec3)

-----

### `recolorGreen` : [`vec3`](/api/classes/vec3)

-----

### `recolorBlue` : [`vec3`](/api/classes/vec3)

## Detail Map

Detail mapping blends a detail texture with the base texture using
Overlay blending. This means mid grey leaves the base texture unchanged,
darker darkens it, and brighter brightens it.

-----

### `detailTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

## Detail Mask

The detail mask regulates where the detail map or detail normal is
applied. The detail map is applied fully where the mask is 1, not at all
where the mask is 0. Only the red channel of the mask is used.

-----

### `detailMaskTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

## Normal Map

Enables the normal map texture and normal mapping. When this is
disabled, the per pixel normal is solely determined by the interpolated
vertex normals.

## High Precision

Enables high precision normal map support. Import an EXR or 16bit PNG
normalmap as High Precision Normalmap, then assign the \_msb and \_lsb
textures to the slots below.

-----

### `normalMsbTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

-----

### `normalLsbTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

-----

### `normalTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

## Detail Normal

Detail normal mapping perturbs the base normal map by a detail normal
map.

-----

### `detailNormalTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

## Emissive

Enables the emissive texture.

-----

### `emissiveTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

-----

### `emissiveColor` : [`vec3`](/api/classes/vec3)

Multiplies the existing emissive color. Requires ‘Enable Emissive’
and/or ‘Vertex Color’ should be set to ‘Emissive’.

-----

### `emissiveIntensity` : `Number`

Multiplies the existing emissive color. Requires ‘Enable Emissive’
and/or ‘Vertex Color’ should be set to ‘Emissive’.

## Simple Reflection

Replaces the default PBR environment mapping with a simple lookup from a
regular texture (no hdr, no roughness, no fresnel, etc.). It can even be
used with unlit materials. The reflection lookup technically assumes a
spherical environment map, which is a circular shaped texture as
obtained by photographing a mirror ball. However, as a shortcut, it is
sometimes used with simple, flat photos, and manually bent mesh normals.
Note: this spherical mapping is technically different from the ‘angular’
envmap format that looks similar.

-----

### `reflectionTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

-----

### `reflectionIntensity` : `Number`

## Rim Highlight

Simulates a Fresnel effect.

-----

### `rimColor` : [`vec3`](/api/classes/vec3)

Specifies the color of the rim highlight.

-----

### `rimIntensity` : `Number`

Multiplied with ‘Rim Color’.

-----

### `rimExponent` : `Number`

Controls the tightness of the rim highlight.

## Rim Color Texture

Allows the use of a texture to modulate the rim highlight color.

-----

### `rimColorTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

## Lighting

Enables direct and indirect (ambient) lighting. Disabling this creates
an unlit (flat) shader.

## Specular

Enables direct and indirect specular lighting (specular highlights and
reflections). Disabling this creates a shader that’s only lit diffusely.

-----

### `materialParamsTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

Material params texture should have: R - metalness, G - roughness, B -
ambient occlusion.

## Camera Reflections

Use the live camera feed as the source of the environment map. This
replaces the usual user specified environment map.

## Roughness

Enable blurring of camera envmap based on roughness.

-----

### `reflBlurWidth` : `Number`

Sets how blurry the reflections should be. The wider the blur kernel,
the blurrier the result.

-----

### `reflBlurMinRough` : `Number`

Sets the minimum roughness at which blurring starts.

-----

### `reflBlurMaxRough` : `Number`

Sets the roughness above which the reflections will be as blurry as they
can get. The blur width reaches the max set in ‘Blur Width’.

## Specular AO

Allow AO to influence indirect specular lighting (reflections).

-----

### `specularAoIntensity` : `Number`

Specifies the amount of influence AO has on reflections. For metals the
specular AO at its darkest approaches a saturated/darkened version of
the metal color (ex: dark gold for gold). For non-metals, this is
essentially the same as ‘Darkeing’.

-----

### `specularAoDarkening` : `Number`

For metals, this shifts the darkest AO color from a saturated version of
the metal color towards pure black. For non-metals it’s essentially
equivalent to ‘Intensity’.

## Baked Shadows

Will use the Baked Shadows texture to shadow one or more lights.

-----

### `bakedShadowsTex` : [`Texture`](/api/classes/Texture)

Baked shadow texture. Each channel stores the shadow for one light. If
you only want to shadow one light, set the Red channel to the shadow
texture, and the Green and Blue to full white. The lights will use the
channels in order. First the directional lights in scene order, then the
point lights in scene order, up to 3 lights for R, G, B.

## Fizzle

Allows the material to fizzle in or out of existence according to a
noise function, driven by the ‘transition’ parameter (0 is fully visible
and 1 is fully invisible).

-----

### `transition` : `Number`

0 is fully visible and 1 is fully invisible. Partially fizzled out in
between.

## Transformed UV 2

Allows tiling and animation of texture coordinates.

-----

### `uv2Scale` : [`vec2`](/api/classes/vec2)

Allows tiling of textures.

-----

### `uv2Offset` : [`vec2`](/api/classes/vec2)

Allows shifting of textures, or controls the speed of scrolling if
animation is enabled.

## Transformed UV 3

Allows tiling and animation of texture coordinates.

-----

### `uv3Scale` : [`vec2`](/api/classes/vec2)

Allows tiling of textures.

-----

### `uv3Offset` : [`vec2`](/api/classes/vec2)

Allows shifting of textures, or controls the speed of scrolling if
animation is enabled.

Still Looking for help?

[Visit Support](/support)

Company

[Snap Inc.](https://www.snap.com/) [Jobs](https://www.snap.com/jobs/)
[News](https://www.snap.com/news/)

Community

[Support](https://support.snapchat.com/) [Community
Guidelines](https://support.snapchat.com/a/guidelines) [Safety
Center](https://www.snapchat.com/safety)

Advertising

[Buy Ads](https://www.snapchat.com/ads) [Advertising
Policies](https://www.snap.com/ad-policies/) [Brand
Guidelines](https://www.snap.com/brand-guidelines/) [Promotions
Rules](https://support.snapchat.com/a/promotions-rules)

Legal

[Privacy Center](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-center/) [Cookie
Policy](https://www.snap.com/cookie-policy/)
[Copyright](https://support.snapchat.com/co/report-copyright) [Custom
Creative Tool
Terms](https://www.snap.com/en-US/terms/custom-creative-tools/)
[Community Geofilter Terms](https://www.snapchat.com/create/terms.html)
[Lens Studio Terms](https://www.snap.com/terms/lens-studio-terms/)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.snap.com/privacy/privacy-policy/) [Terms of
Service](https://www.snap.com/terms/)

Hi\! We use cookies, including third-party cookies, on this website to
help operate our site and for analytics and advertising purposes. For
more on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go
[here](https://snap.com/cookie-policy/) for our cookie policy\! By
clicking below, you are giving us consent to use cookies. You can change
your cookie settings by clicking on "More information" below.

I Accept

[More Information](https://www.snapchat.com/cookie-settings)
